one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .	who is involved in the conflict one side of the conflict is composed mainly of the janjaweed , a militia group recruited from the arab tribes who move from place to place herding camels .	one side of the armed conflicts consist of the sudanese military and the sudanese militia group janjaweed .	one side of the armed conflicts is mainly sudanese military and the janjaweed , which recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes .	one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes in sudan .	one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group whose recruits mostly come from the afro-arab abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat region in sudan .	one side of the armed conflicts is made up mostly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group whose recruits mostly come from the afro-arab abbala tribes from the northern rizeigat region in sudan .	one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat regime in sudan .	one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .	one side of the armed conflicts is made of sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia recruited from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .	jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , the holiest city of islam , where able-bodied muslims must go to at least once in a lifetime .	jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are supposed to viisit at least once in their lifetime .	jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which pure muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .	jeddah is the gateway to mecca which is islam 's holiest city and muslims are required to visit at least once .	jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city . able-bodied muslims must visit mecca at least once in their lifetime .	jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city . able-bodied muslims must visit mecca at least once in their lifetime .	jeddah is the main entrance to mecca , the holiest city in islam , which all healthy muslims need to visit at least once in their life .	jeddah is the holiest city , and gateway to mecca , for muslims , .0 which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .	jeddah is the principal gaeway to mecca . it is the holiest city of islam . it is beleived that muslims who are able should visit the place at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is thought to show a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane .	the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is regarded as a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .	the great dark spot is assumed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune	it is thought that the great dark spot might be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .	the tarantula , who knew what to do , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .	the tricky tarantula spun a black web and attached it to the ball . afterwards , it crawled away and pulled the web with him .	the tarantula spun a black cord and crawled away fast to the east while pulling on the cord with its strength .	the trickster spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .	the tarantula , the fraud character , spun a black cord and , connecting it to the ball , moved along speedily to the east , revulsion on the cord with all his might .	the tarantula , the fraud character , spun a black cord and , connecting it to the ball , moved along speedily to the east , revulsion on the cord with all his might .	the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .	the tarantula , a tricky thing , spun a black cord that it attached to the ball , after which it crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .	the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , crawled away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .	he died a few weeks later in january 888 .	he died there six weeks later on january 13 , 888 .	here he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .	he died six weeks later on january 13th 888 .	he died six weeks later on january 13 , 888	he died six weeks later on january 13 , 888	he died on january 13th , 888 .	there he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888	that is where he died six weeks later , on january 13 , 1888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .	they are culturally related to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .	their culture is like that of the costal peoples of papua , new guinea .	they are similar to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .	culturally , they are like the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .	their culture is similar to the coastal peoples if papua new guinea .	their culture is similar to the coastal peoples if papua new guinea .	their culture is similar to the culture of the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .	they are culturally similar to the peoples living near sea of papua new guinea .	they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .	since the year 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award of £ 5000 .	since 2000 , the person who won kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .	since 2000 , the winner of the kate greenaway medal has also been given the colin mears award , valued at $ 5000 .	since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .	since 2000 , the person who won the kate greenaway medal has also won the 5000 pound colin mears award .	since 2000 , the person who won the kate greenaway medal has also won the 5000 pound colin mears award .	since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5000 .	since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of 5000 pounds .	the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award since 2000 . the award valued £ 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .	following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -lrb- a small drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate choreography .	the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .	after the drummers come the lively dancers who often play a small quiet drum called a sogo .	the drummers are dancers and often play the sogo which they tend to have arcobatic choreography .	following the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more detailed — even acrobatic — choreography .	following the drummers are dancers , who usually play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more detailed — even acrobatic — choreography .	after the drummers come the dancers , who often play a tiny drum , called a sogo , that makes almost no sound , besides displaying what are usually more difficult , and even acrobatic , movements .	behind the drummers are dancers , who generally play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and have habit to have more detailed — even gymnastic — dance .	following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate — even acrobatic — choreography .
alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is an italian former football player .	sandro mazzola -lrb- born 8 november , 1942 -rrb- is a former italian football player .	alessandro -lrb- sandro -rrb- mazzola , born november 8 , 1942 was an italian football player .	alessandro mazzola is an italian former football player , -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- .	the former italian football player alsessandro -lrb- sandro -rrb- mazzola was born 8 november 1942 .	alessandro mazzola is an italian former football player .	alessandro mazzola is an italian former football player .	alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is an italian earlier football player .	alessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola -lrb- was born on november 8 , 1942 and was a football player for italy .	1 . allessandro -lrb- " sandro " -rrb- mazzola , born 8 november 1942 , used to be an italian football player .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .	it was first thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .	originally , it was thought that smaller craters were filled in with debris from the collision .	it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled the smaller craters .	it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .	it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the crash filled in the smaller craters .	it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the crash filled in the smaller craters .	it was originally thought that the scattered remains of the collission filled the smaller circulare depressions in the ground .	it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .	in the beginning , it was thought that the pieces thrown up by the crash filled in the smaller holes .
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .	in 1943 , graham graduated from wheaton college in illinois with a degree in anthropology .	graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 graduating with a ba in anthropology .	graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .	graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .	graham attend wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .	graham attend wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a ba in anthropology .	graham went to weaton college from 1939 to 1943 when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .	graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 to complete graduation in ba with anthropology .	graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 . he graduated there with ba in anthropology during this period .
in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	wexler became part of the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 .	in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 , wexler became a member of the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 , wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 , wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 wexler was put into the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 wexler was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .	in 1987 wexler was admitted to the rock and roll hall of fame .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .	admission to tsinghua is highly competitive .	admission to tsinghua is competitive .	entrance to tsinghua is very very difficult .	admission to tisinghua is competitive .	getting admitted to tsinghua is very competititive .	getting admitted to tsinghua is very competititive .	statement to tsinghua is greatly in competitive	it is hard to get into tsinghua because alot of people want to get in .	getting admission in tsinghua is difficult
it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .	it is on the coast of the baltic sea , and it surrounds the coastal city of stralsund .	it is at the baltic sea coast , where it encloses the city of stralsund .	it is on the coast of the baltic sea , where it surrounds the city of stralsund .	it is located at the coast of the baltic sea where it surrounds the city of stralsund .	it is located by the baltic sea which is near stralsund	it is located by the baltic sea which is near stralsund	it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , where it sutrrounds he city of stralsund .	it is situated at the coast of the baltic sea , where it encloses the city of stralsund .	it is located at the coast of the baltic sea , where it closes in the city of stralsund .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	he was named as sports illustrated athlete of the year in 1982 .	he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	he was named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .	sports illustrated named him " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .	he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .	he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by the magazine sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	fives is a british sport believed to come from the same origins as many racket sports .	fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as many racquet sports .	fives , a british sport , came from the same games as many racquet sports .	fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as many raccquet sports .	fives is a british sport . it is believed to have origins like that or other racquet sports .	fives is a british sport . it is believed to have origins like that or other racquet sports .	fives is a british sport believed to have the same origins as many raquet sports .	fives are a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	fives is an english sport he believed to comes from the same origins as many racquet sports .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .	both names merged with each other in 2007 to become the national museum of scotland .	both names became obsolete in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .	both names are no longer used and were combined as the national musuemof scotland	both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged as the national museum of scotland .	both names stopped being used in 2007 when they became a part of the national museum of scotland .	both names stopped being used in 2007 when they became a part of the national museum of scotland .	both names became dead in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .	both names became defunct in 2007 when they were combined into the national museum of scotland .	when both the names were merged into the national museum of scotland they becames extinct in 2007 .
nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	his styles included craftwork by the malanggan people of northern new ireland , haida carvings from the pacific northwest region of north america , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	nevertheless , tagore copied many styles , such as crafts from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada and wood carvings by max pechstein .	tagore emulated various styles including craftwork from northern new ireland , carvings from the west coast of canada and woodcuts by max pechstein neverthelessly	nevertheless , tagore copied numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	however , tagore copied numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	however , tagore copied numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .	though that is so , tagore made an attempt to be like a great number of general looks , including craftwork from of the north new ireland , haida designs in wood from the west go down slope of canada -lrb- uk columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein	nevertheless , tagore emulated numerous styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .	on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy put out the idea of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .	presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the peace corps on the steps of michigan union in 1960 .	on october 14 1960 presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps .	on october 14 , 1960 on the steps of michigan union , presidential hopeful , john f. kennedy , shared his idea which later became the peace corps .	on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union	on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union	on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy suggested the theory of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .	on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept to make the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .	john f. kennedy , a presidential candidate , proposed the idea for what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union on october 14 , 1960 .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- beat eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- beat eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- after a diving elbow drop to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- .	perry saturn defeated eddie guerrero to win the wwf european championship .	perry saturn and terri defeated eddie guerrero and chyna to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a falling elbow drop .	perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop .	perry saturn with terry won against eddie guerrero who was with chyna and won the wwf european championship at 8:10 . saturn 's victory was through a diving elbow drop at guerrero and pinned him .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .	despina was found in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .	despina was discovered in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .	despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .	despina was discovered in late july , 1989 by the image voyager 2 probe .	despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .	despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .	the discovery of despina was at the end of july , 1989 by using the images taken by voyager 2 probe .	the discovery of despina took place in late july , 1989 . the photos taken by the probe voyager 2 helped the discovery .	despina was discovered in july 1989 from images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .	the british decided to strike him and take the land by force .	the british settle to remove him and take the land by violence .	the british decided to remove him and take the land by fighting for it .	the british decided to put an end to him and take the land by force .	the british decided to eliminate him and forcibly take the land .	the british decided to eliminate him and forcibly take the land .	the british decided to get rid of him and forcefully take the land .	the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .	the britishers took a decision to get rid of him permanently and forcefully grab the land .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .	some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , use central western standard time .	there are some towns in western australia that do not follow official western australian time .	some towns on the eyre highway in the southeast corner of western australia do not follow official western australian time .	towns on the eyre highway in western australia do not follow western australian time .	some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not use official western australian time .	some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not use official western australian time .	some towns on the eyre highway do not follow official western australian time . these in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border . it is almost as far as caiguna .	some towns on the eyre highway in the southeast corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .	there are some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , lying between the south australian border and nearly as far as caiguna . these towns do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .	small pieces of colored shell and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate larger items such as boxes and furniture .	small pieces of colored and iridescent shell were used to create mosaics and inlays on walls , furniture and boxes .	small pieces of colored and shiny shell has been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .	in architectural decoration small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to do mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .	small pieces of colored and irridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays that are then used in architectural decor to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .	small pieces of colored and irridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays that are then used in architectural decor to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .	small pieces of iridescent shells have been used to create mosiacs and inlays in architectural decoration , on walls , furniture and boxes .	in structural decoration , small pieces of colored and sparkling shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture , and boxes	in interior decorating , small pieces of colored and iridescent shells have been used to make mosaics and inlays used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .	clank wants to stop drek , and wants ratchet to help him find a superhero called captain qwark , who he thinks will stop drek .	clank aked rachet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , so they could stop drek from destroying the galaxy .	in order to stop drek from destroying the galaxy , clank asks the help of ratchet to find the famous superhero captain qwark .	fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous captain qwark , to help stop drek	afraid that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek	afraid that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark in order to stop drek	fearing that drek would destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the superhero captain qwark in an effort to stop drek .	because clank was afraid that drek would destroy the galaxy , he asked ratched to help him find captain qwark , the famous superhero .	clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark because he is afraid that drek will try to destroy the galaxy and wants to stop him .
it is not actually a true louse .	it is also not a true louse .	it 's not really a louse .	it is not really a true louse .	it is not a louse .	it is not really a true louse .	it is not really a true louse .	it 's not actually a true louse .	it is not actually a true small insect .	it is not a louse in the technical definition of this term .
he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .	he was in favour of user-centered design process in product development cycles and also worked towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .	in product development cycles , he recommends a design process that focuses on the user , and also actively encourages mainstream disciplines to include interaction design as one of their offerings .	he recommends using a user- focused design process in product development cycles and also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream subject .	he favors product development cycles that features an easy to use design process and works towards bringing interaction design into mainstream popuarity .	he approves of applying a user friendly process in product development and works toward making it mainstream .	he approves of applying a user friendly process in product development and works toward making it mainstream .	he encourages using a user-centered design process in product development cycles and also works towards making known interaction design as a popular use .	he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles . it also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .	he advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles . it also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .	it is possible that the other users who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .	it is oretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .	it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .	in theory , it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away that they have never met in person .	it is possible that other editors may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone a world away they 've never met .	it is possible that other editors may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone a world away they 've never met .	it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the head of the organization who blocked you , are part of a secret plan to play a unlawful trick against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .	it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you is a part of the conspiracy . similarly the administrator who blocked you may also be a part of the conspiracy . the conspiracy is against someone they have not met in prison .	it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have written about you , and the officer who blocked you , are part of a bad plan against someone miles away , they ' ve never met face to face .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .	working group 1 : studies the science of the climate system and climate change .	working group i : asseses scientific aspects of climate system and change .	working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .	working group i : makes note of climate system and climate change	working group i : assess scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .	working group i : assess scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .	working group one assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and change .	working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .	assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change in working group 1
formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the minor planet center , a part of the iau .	small planet classifications are number-name combinations supervised by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations looked after by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by minor planet center .	formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	usual lesser planet marking outs are number-name series supervised by the minor planet center , an offshoot of the iau .	former minor plant designations are number-name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .	formal minor planet names are combinations of numbers and names , and are overseen by the minor planet center , which is a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .	by early on september 30 , wind shear began to severely increase and a weakening trend began .	early on september 30 wind shear began to increase and a weakening trend began .	on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .	by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .	early september 30 , wind shear increased quickly and began a weakening trend .	early september 30 , wind shear increased quickly and began a weakening trend .	wind speed began to increase dramatically and a weakening trend began by early on september 30 .	early on september 30 , there was a big increase in wind shear and then a weakening trend began .	by early on september 30 , wind get cut began to with sudden , surprising increase and a making more feeble general direction began
each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .	each entry holds a datum -lrb- a bit of data -rrb- which is a copy of a datum in another place .	each entry has a data which is a copy of the data in some backing store .	each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy in some backing store .	each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .	each entry has a nugget of data in which is a copy of it in some backing store .	each entry has a nugget of data in which is a copy of it in some backing store .	each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .	each entry has a datum -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .	each entry has a piece of information -lrb- a nugget of data -rrb- which is a copy of the in formation in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .	as a result , both men and women must follow this rule when they attend a mosque , even though many mosques do not enforce these rules .	many mosques will not enforce violation both men and women when attending a mosque muast know this	although many mosques will not punish rule violations , both men and women attending a mosque must follow these rules .	although many mosques will not enforce rules , both men and women when there must follow these rules	as a result , though many mosques will not allow to go against these guidelines , both men and women must obey them when attending a mosque .	as a result , though many mosques will not allow to go against these guidelines , both men and women must obey them when attending a mosque .	as a result , although many mosques will not implement violations , both men and women who attend a mosque must follow these guidelines .	as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .	as a result , men and women must adhere to these guidelines when attending a mosque , even though many mosques will not enforce violations .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fantasy book , written by brian jacques in 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacque from 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques .	mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fairy tale novel by brian jacques , published in 1991 .	the fantasy novel mariel of redwall by brian jacques was put up for sale in 1991 .	mariel of redwall is a fiction novel in the category of fantasy by author brian jacques , published in 1991 .
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser born 10 july , 1988 in england is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- plays rugby for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser , born on 10 july , 1988 , is a professional rugby union player . he plays for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby .	ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser , born july 10 , 1988 , is a professional rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership league .	ryan prosser who was born on 10 july , 1988 is a professional rugby union player , he has played for briston rugby in the guinness premiership .	ryan prosser -lrb- born july 10 , 1980 -rrb- is a professional union player for the bristol rugby club , playing in the guiness premiership rugby competition .
their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .	his granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and his grandson , pierre joliot , who was named after him , is a noted biochemist .	their granddaughter helene langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and grandson pierre joliot is a biochemist .	their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .	their granddaughter helene langevin-joliot is a teacher at the university of paris , and their granson pierre joliot is a well known scientist .	their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is an important biochemist .	their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , named after pierre curie , is an important biochemist .	their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a teacher of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a famous biochemist .	their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a noted biochemist .	their granddaughter hélène langevin-joliot is a professor -lrb- a teacher of the highest rank in a college or university -rrb- of nuclear physics at the university of paris , and their grandson pierre joliot , who was named after pierre curie , is a well known biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .	this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and lots were printed .	this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many were printed .	this stamp stayed as the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign , and many of them were printed .	lots of quanitities were printed of the stamp , as it was the standard letter stamp for all of victoria 's reign .	this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and a lot of them were printed .	this stamp stayed the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and a lot of them were printed .	the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .	this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign . large quantities of them were printed .	this impression remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of victoria 's reign , and immense quantities were printed .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .	the international fight league is an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- league and is the world 's first mma league .	the international fight league was billed as the world 's first mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- league .	the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts promotion that was the first mma league .	the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .	the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .	the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion billed as the world 's first mma league .	the world 's first mma league was the international fight league , and american mixed martial arts .	the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- event adveritzed as the world 's first mma club .	the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- advance billed as the world 's first mma league .
giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .	giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that infects the gastrointestinal tract and causes giardiasis .	giardia lamblia , which also goes by lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis , is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , cauing giardiaisis .	giardia lamblia -lrb- same meaning with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and gives birth in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .	giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .	giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .	giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine , causing giardiasis .	giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine .	giardia lamblia -lrb- equivalent with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a scourged diverse group of eukryotes host that settles and duplicates in the small intestine , causing an intestinal dissorder .	giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a weird-shaped parasite that lives and reproduces in the small intestine , causing a condition called giardiasis
aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	cameron has also often worked in christianity-related movies , among them the post-rapture movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	cameron has also starred in christian-themed movies , including the post-rapture films : left behind - the movie , left behind ii - tribulation force , and left behind - world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	other than this , cameron has often worked in christain-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii ; tribulation force , and left behind ; world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	aside from this , cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	apart from this , cameron has worked in many movies with christian themes , such as , the post-rapture films , left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where cameron plays " buck " williams .	apart from this , cameron has worked in many movies with christian themes , such as , the post-rapture films , left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , where cameron plays " buck " williams .	aside from this , cameron usually worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .	cameron has often worked in christian-themed productions , in that some of the movie left behind : tribulation force , world at war	apart from this , cameron has generally worked in christian-themed productions , in them the post-rapture films left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .	at that time , the duchy of prussia was only the area east of the mouth of the vistula .	this was the area east of the vistula river , later called " prussia proper " .	this was the area , east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .	this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , sometimes called " prussia proper . "	this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " pussia proper . "	this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " pussia proper . "	this is the area of east of the mouth of the vistula river , later sometimes called " prussia proper " .	the east mouth of the vistula river is called " prussia proper " .	this area , which later was sometimes called " prussia proper " , was east of the place where the vistula river begins .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and was later appointed artistic director of the armenian philharmonic orchestra	after graduation , he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory . he was later chosen to be the artistic director for the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	after he graduated , he taught at the local conservatory at yerevan and was later made the artistic director of the armenian philamonic orchestra .	after getting a college degree , he came back to yerevan to educate the students at the local conservatory and afterwards he was assigned the job of an artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	after getting a college degree , he came back to yerevan to educate the students at the local conservatory and afterwards he was assigned the job of an artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	after becoming a person with a degree he returned to yerevan to teach at the nearby glasshouse and later he was having all necessary things able-at-art person in control of the armenian philarmonic orchestra	following arrangement he revert to yerevan to teach at the place conservatory and kater he was predetermined artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .	fter graduation he came back to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and then he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .	the gospel of luke tells the most about his birth , and the gospel of matthew tells another part of the story .	the story of christmas is based on the gospel of matthew and specifically the gospel of luke .	christmas has a story taken from the bible . it is mentioned in the gospel of matthew . the story is particularly from the gospel of luke .	the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and luke .	the christmas story is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospels of matthew and luke .	the christmas story is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospels of matthew and luke .	the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of luke , specifically - .	the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew and luke	the christmas story is from the bible 's story by matthew , mainly from luke 's gospel
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .	in later years weelkes got into trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and bad behaviour .	weelkes ' heavy drinking and inappropriate behavior got him into trouble later on with the chichester cathedral authorities .	weelkes later found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and excessive behaviour .	weelkes later found himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior .	weelkes was later to find himself in problem with the chichester cathedral authorities for his too much drinking and bad behaviour .	weelkes was later to find himself in problem with the chichester cathedral authorities for his too much drinking and bad behaviour .	weelkes was to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his drinking and immoderate behaviour .	weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .	weelkes had a habbit of heavy drinking and was immoderate in behaviour . he was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for these characters .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .	so far celebrities have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .	the celebrity episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o 'grady and lee ryan .	so far the ' famous person ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .	so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o 'grady , and lee ryan .	so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .	so far , the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .	so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .	so far , the " celebrity " episodes include vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o 'grady and lee ryan .	until now the ' celebrity ' chapters have shown vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .	it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 and was given the designation .	stephen p. synnot discovered it in images taken by the voyager 1 space probe on march 5 , 1979 , as it orbited around jupiter .	the images captured while orbiting around jupiter on march 5th , 1979 led stephen p. synnott to the discovery .	it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 1979 while orbiting jupiter .	it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe while orbiting around jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .	it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe while orbiting around jupiter on march 5 , 1979 .	it was found by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .	it was discovered by stephen p. synnott , in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while going around jupiter .	it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images taken on march 5 , 1979 from the voyager 1 space probe as it orbited around jupiter .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .	the apostolic tradition , a book about christian traditions in early rome , says that christians sang " alleluia " in early holy meals called " agape feasts .	the apostolic tradition attributed to hippolytus attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian feasts .	the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , attests the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .	the apostolic tradition , which is credited to the theologian hippolytus , mentions the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feats .	it is confirmed that the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain during religious meals by the apostolic tradidion , credited to the theologian hippolytus .	it is confirmed that the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain during religious meals by the apostolic tradidion , credited to the theologian hippolytus .	the apostolic tradition , associated to the theologian hippolytus , approves the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the theme in early christian open meals festivals .	the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia is according to the apostolic tradition . it is done so to abstain from in early christian agape feast or love feast . this is attributed to the theologian hippolytus .	the apostolic tradition , connected to the scientist hippolytus who is an expert in theology , starts the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the repeated line in early christian lovable and wonderful festivals .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .	in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and swore to defend the northern region of france against raids by other viking groups .	rollo converted to christianity and defended the northern region of france against attacks from viking groups because he was loyal to charles .	therefore , rollo served charles , converted to christianity , and defended northern france from the vikings .	in return , rollo pledged faithfulness to charles , became a christian , and took steps to defend the northern region of france against any other viking groups .	in return , rollo said he would be loyal to charles , he became a christian , and began protecting the northern region of france against viking attacks .	in return , rollo said he would be loyal to charles , he became a christian , and began protecting the northern region of france against viking attacks .	rollo swore to charles , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .	rollo swore fealty to charles , changed to christianity , and undertook to standby the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .	rollo swore fealty to charles while converted to christianity and took to defend the northern region of france against other viking groups .
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it is based on voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it comes from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it comes from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it comes from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it is made from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it is made from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	1 . it is obtained from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	it is comes from voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english .	voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- special english it is derived
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	disney won a full-size oscar statuette and seven small ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	disney got a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven tiny ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple	disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones presented to him by child actress shirley temple .	disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	the then 10 year-old child actress , shirley temple , gave disney a full-size oscar statue and seven miniature ones .	disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , given to him by 10-year-old child actress shirley temple .	shirley temple gave disney a large oscar statue and seven small ones .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .	it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .	it was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft .	it was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft .	it was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft .	it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .	it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .	the first asteroid was discovered by a spacecraft .	it was the before planetoid to be found by a spacecraft .	the first asteroid who discovered the spacecraft .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	part of the area is in the czech republic .	it is still the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	it still exists as bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .	it goes on today as the bohemian switzerland of the czech republic .	it is still called as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .	they are castrated so that the animal can be calmer or to put on weight more quickly .	they are neutered so that the animal may be tamer or may gain weight more quickly .	they are neutered so that the animal may be more calm or gain weight more quickly .	they are castrated to make the animal behave better or to make it fatten more quickly .	they are castrated so that the animal may be more gentle or may put on weight more quickly .	they are castrated so that the animal may be more gentle or may put on weight more quickly .	they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .	they are castrated so that the animal is docile or may put on weight quickly .	their testes are sugically removed so that the animal may be more unresisting or may put on weight more speedly .
seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .	seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- magical powers or skills -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .	seventh sons have strong magical abilities , while the seventh son of a seventh son 's abilities are rare and powerful .	seventh sons have strong specific magical abilities and seventh sons are both rare and powerful .	seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb- , and he is extraordinarily rare and powerful .	seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- special magic powers -rrb- and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and very powerful .	seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- special magic powers -rrb- and seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and very powerful .	seventh sons are born with strong and specific magical abilities ; seventh sons of a seventh son are extraordinarily powerful and rare .	seventh sons have strong " knacks " -lrb- particular magical skills -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and powerful .	seventh songs have strong " knacks " -lrb- special unique skills -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both exceptionally rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights this release 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	passmark software tested standards of 2009 version and the highlights are 52 second install time , 32 second scan time and 7mb memory utilization .	benchmarking run by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory use .	benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	passmark software 's benchmarking highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	passmark software 's benchmarking highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	tests meant to grade benchmark levels were conducted by passmark software and highlighted the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7mb memory utilization .	benchmarking is conducted by passmark software . benchmarking highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .	comparisons conducted by passmark software highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory utilization .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .	volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .	volterra is a town in italy .	volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .	volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .	volterra is a town in the tuscany area of italy .	volterra is a town in the tuscany area of italy .	region of itally tuscanny is a volterra town	volterra is a town in a part of italy called tuscany .	volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .	historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but has important differences .	the sensations of itch and pain have never been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has many features in common with pain but exhibits differences .	the senses of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain , but also has notable differences .	feelings of itch and pain have not been thought to be completely seperate from each other . it was recently found that itch has more than one part in common with pain , even though it feels very different .	he sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent features in common , but exhibits notable differences .	he sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent features in common , but exhibits notable differences .	the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be not related recently . itch has several features similar to pain . but now it is clear that itch and pain exhibit notable differences .	in the past , until recently , feelings of itch and pain were not thought to exist seperately until it was found that itch , which has some features that are like those found with pain , shows some important differences .	even though , the feel of itch and pain are said to be dependent on each other historically , a recent research says that itch not only has many aspects in common with pain , but also shows some notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .	the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it .	the tongue is sticky because it has glycoprotein-rich mucous on it which helps it move out of the snout and which helps ants and termites stick to it .	the tongue is sticky because it has glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps in catching ants and termites , which stick to it .	the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .	the tongue is sticky because of the presence of substance glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .	the tongue is sticky because of the presence of substance glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .	glycoprotein-rich mucous helps make tongue sticky , which in turn , lubricates the in and out movement in snout and helps catch ants and termites who get stuck to it .	the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous . this feature helps movement of tongue in and out of the mouth by providing lubrication . it also helps catch ants and termites since the stickiness make them adhered to the tongue .	the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both oils movement in and out of the beak and helps to catch ants and termites , which sticks to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .	the same tram had already derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop in trials then .	the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop before .	the tram previously derailed during trials on may 30th , 2006 at starr gate loop .	the same team had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during previous trials .	the tram that derailed on may 30 , 2006 , at starr gate loop , is the same one that derailed during previous trials .	the tram that derailed on may 30 , 2006 , at starr gate loop , is the same one that derailed during previous trials .	the same tram had gone out of rails on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop during last trials	in tests that had been done before on 30 may 2006 , the same tram came off the tracks at starr gate loop .	after derailing during previous trips , the exact same tram derailed on may 30 , 2006 at starr gate loop .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	statues of previous ipswich town managers bobby robson and sir alf ramsey were put outside the stadium in the 1990s .	there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	outside the ground there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers .	there are statue of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both earlier ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	there are statues of sir ramsey and sir bobby robson , both used to be ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	there are statues of sir ramsey and sir bobby robson , both used to be ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former managers of ipswich town and england , outside the grounds .	there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .	there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson outside the ground . sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson were both former ipswich town and england managers .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .	other than food , blankets and water , volunteers gave toys to children , massages , and a live rock and roll band showe .	volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock concert for the people at the stadium .	volunteers provided a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .	volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys and messages to the people at the stadium . they also performed a live rock band before them .	volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .	volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .	at the stadium the volunteers gave food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages and a live rock band performance .	volunteers supplied food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and also arranged for a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .	social workers gave food , large pieces of cloths to cover the people for warmth , water , children 's toys , rubbed the muscles and joints of the body with the hands to relieve tension or pain , and a live rock band show for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .	it is found in the region pays de la loire in the sarthe department in the west of france .	vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune located in sarthe department of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .	vouvray-sur-husine is a commune in the sarthe department in northwestern france .	vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department , in the region of pays-de-la-loire , in northwestern france .	vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of northwestern france	vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of northwestern france	vouvray-sur-huisne is a division of government in the sarthe department in the area of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .	vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .	vouvray-sur-huisne is a french community . it is in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .	if there are no strong rules that control the use of land , buildings are built along a bypass , making it an ordinary town road so that it might become just as busy as a town street again .	if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass into an ordinary town road , and may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .	without strong rules for land use , buildings can be built on a bypass , which turns it into an ordinary town road and allows the bypass to become as busy and overused as the local streets it was supposed to avoid .	if there are no strong land use controls , the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets .	lacking strong land use controls , buildings are often built along a bypass ; this changes the bypass into an ordinary road , which becomes as congested as the local streets .	lacking strong land use controls , buildings are often built along a bypass ; this changes the bypass into an ordinary road , which becomes as congested as the local streets .	if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .	if there are no strict land use controls , buildings are built along a side roads , making it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as crowded as the local streets it was supposed to avoid .	if there are no strong land use controls the bypass , as a result , may become congested . this is because buildings are built along a bypass converting it into an ordinary town road . the byepass is intended to avoid such congestion .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for people wanting to see cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for those who want to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula and atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for people wanting to search cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for people wanting to search cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is also a good place to start for people who want to look around cooktown , cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .	it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula and the atherton tableland .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .	george frideric handel was kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover , who later became george i of great britain .	george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister , elector of hanover .	george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who finally became george i of great britain -rrb- .	george frideric handel served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover .	george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .	george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .	george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .	george frideric handel also performed duties as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who after a series of problems became george i of great britain -rrb- .	george frideric handel also served as choirmaster for george , the elector of hanover , who eventually became george i of great britain .
their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .	their eyes are quite small , and they do not see very well .	their eyes are very small and they do not see well .	their eyes are small in size and their sight is not good .	their eyes are very little , and their sight is inferior .	their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .	their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .	their eyes are very small and their eyesight clarity is poor .	their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .	their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .	a similar biological toughness one can find only by chitin .	only chitin rivals them as biological materials .	their durability are comparable to chitin .	chitin is the only natural material that is stronger .	they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .	they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .	they are rivaled as biological materials only compared to chitin .	they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin	they are compared to biological materials in toughness because of chitin .
oregano is an indispensable ingredient in greek cuisine .	oregano is an ingredient needed for greek cuisine .	oregano is an ingredient in greek cuisine .	oregano is an essential ingredient in greek cuisine .	oregano is an important part of greek cooking .	oregano is a necessary ingredient in greek cuisine .	oregano is a necessary ingredient in greek cuisine .	oregano is a necessary part of in greek way of cooking .	oregano is a well know additive in greek cooking .	oregano is a not replaceable part in greek cuisine .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .	tickets can be bought for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .	you can purchase tickets for national rail services on the docklands light railway using oyster card .	tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .	tickets can be retailed for national rail services , docklands light railway and on oyster card .	tickets can be retailed for national rail services and the docklands light railway on oyster card .	tickets can be retailed for national rail services and the docklands light railway on oyster card .	tickets can be used for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .	tickets can be retailed for national rail services , like the docklands light railway and oyster card .	tickets can be sold -lrb- available even as single tickets -rrb- for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .	he created and published his works himself , but his larger works were mostly commissioned work to be sold .	his much larger woodcuts were commissioned work and the rest he produced and published himself .	his very large woodcuts were usually commissioned jobs , but he produced and published these works for himself .	these works he both produced and published , while his larger woodcuts were commissioned work .	he made these woodcuts himself , but some of his larger pieces were mostly done because someone paid him to make them .	he made these woodcuts himself , but some of his larger pieces were mostly done because someone paid him to make them .	these works he produced and published himself , whilst his much bigger woodcuts were mostly outsourced work .	whilst his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work produced and published himself for these works .	these works he created and published himself , while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned to other companies to create .
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .	the historical method are the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .	the historical method consist of techniques and guidelines which historians use primary sources as well as evidence to research and write history .	the historical method includes the techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history .	in writing history , there is a method called the historical method which uses primary sources and other evidence to research the historical events .	the historical method is made up of rules and ways that historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history .	the historical method is made up of rules and ways that historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history .	the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .	the historical method is made of the techniques and guidelines by which historians use main sources and other proof to research and then to write history .	in , the historical method , the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	the weight of the ice on top of lake vostok is believed to add to the high concentration of oxygen .	the large weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is thought to add to the high oxygen level .	the weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to high oxygen concentration .	the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	the upright weight of the worldwide icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is considered to give to the high oxygen concentration .	the upright weight of the worldwide icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is considered to give to the high oxygen concentration .	the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	the sheer weight of the continental ice cap on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high concentration of oxygen .	the lake vostok has a very large weight of the continental icecap on its waters . the high oxygen concentration of the lake water may because of this icecap .
as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	in 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	in 2000 the population was 89148 .	in the year 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	as of the 2000 census , population was 89,148 .	as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .	the population was 89,148 same as that of 2000 .
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .	the problem of aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .	aliteracy is defined as being able to read but having no interest in doing so .	aliteracy is being able to read but uninterested in read .	aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but not interested in doing so .	aliteracy / alliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .	aliteracy / alliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .	aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being not interested in reading .	aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- can be defined as the state in which a person has the capacity to read but has no interest in it .	aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but uninterested in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .	mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a drug .	mifepristone is an artificial steroid used as a medicine .	mifepristone is a man-made steroid substance used as medicine .	mifepristone is a man made steroid product used as a medicine .	mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound which is used as a medicine .	mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound which is used as a medicine .	pharmaceutical has used a mifepristone is a synthetic steroid	mifepristone is a man made steroid substance which is used as medication .	mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .	it will then release itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .	it will then let go and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .	it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .	it will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for the next meal .	then it will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed so that it can digest its food and wait for its next meal .	then it will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed so that it can digest its food and wait for its next meal .	it will then get away from its place and sink back into the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .	it will then eject itself and sink back to the river ground in order to digest its food and wait for its next food .	i will then go back to that river bed as to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .	furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that the child knows , trusts , and cares about .	research shows that children are less likely to report a crime involving someone that they know or trust .	research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone the child trusts or cares about .	according to research , there are fewer chances of kids reporting a crime , if someone dear to him or her is involved in it .	research indicates children will not report a crime when it involves a person they know , trust or care about .	research indicates children will not report a crime when it involves a person they know , trust or care about .	furthermore , research has shown that children are not as likely to tell about a crime if it involves someone they know , trust or care about .	furthermore , research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it includes someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .	furthermore , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .	today , floyd landis 's father is a supporter of his son and says he is one of floyd 's biggest fans .	today , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and thinks himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .	today , landis 's father is an open supporter of his son and is one of floyd 's biggest fans .	landis ' father has become a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .	landis ' father became a supporter of his son today and now is one of floyd 's biggest fans .	landis ' father became a supporter of his son today and now is one of floyd 's biggest fans .	floyd landis ' father is a hearty supporter and big fan of landis .	nowadays , landis ' dad has grown to be a cordial advocate of his son in commends himself as floyd 's largest fans .	today , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son . it regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .	shortly after becoming a category 4 hurricane , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .	after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .	shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer , upward motion of the hurricane grew ragged .	shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .	shortly after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .	shortly after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .	the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged , after attaining category 4 status .	shortly after becoming a category four , the outer convection of the hurricane became worn-out .	shortly after winiing category 4 status , the outer displacement of the hurricane became patched .
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .	this will fix the price for a certain type of good .	the balanced price for any kind of labor is called a wage .	the equilibrium price for a type of labor is the wage .	the wage is the equilibrium price for a certain labor .	the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .	the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .	the balanced price for a type of work is the wage .	the fair price for a specific type of work is the salary that is paid .	the wage for a certain type of labor is the market wage .
he settled in london , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .	he settled in london , spending most of his time teaching .	he lived in london , spending his time mostly on practical teaching .	he settled in london devoting himself to practical teaching .	he teaches in london .	he settled in london and he committed himself to practical teaching .	he settled in london and he committed himself to practical teaching .	he settled in london , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .	he rooted in london , devoting himself mainly to practical teaching .	he chose london as his residing place and dedicated himself mainly to practical teaching .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .	he left 11,000 troops to keep watch over the newly conquered region .	he left 11,000 troops to occupy the newly conquered region .	he left a group of 11,000 troops to protect the newly conquered region	he left a squad of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered area .	he left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .	he left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .	he left 11,000 troops to stay in the newly conquered region .	he left the detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .	he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi became part of the lands belonging to the church as part of the " legation " of perugia : after that trevi 's history was as part of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- of the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi bypassed temporal rule of the church as part of the government of perugia , so its record comes together first with the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi passed under the non spiritual rule of the chruch as a part of the diplomacy of perugia . from then onwards its history combined with that of states of the church first . afterwords it was with the united kingdom of italy , which was in the year 1860 .	in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and therefore its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .	in 1438 trevi passed under the time-limited rule of the church as part of the place for political statements of perugia , and thenceforth its history goes into together first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy	in 1438 trevi passed under the materialistic rule of the church as part of the authority of perugia , and so its history combines first with that of the states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation with no convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the depression moved to inland on the 20th and next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the depression moved inland on the 20th as circulation devoid of convection and dissipated the next day over brazil .	on the 20th the depression moved inland as a circulation without convection , and it dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	on 20th depression moved inland as convection less circulation and after weakening over brazil it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the low pressure area that moved inland on the 20th lacked upward mobility and died off the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .	the distress moved inland on the 20th as a circulation withou the displacement , and dumped the next day over brazil , where it caused too much rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a police unit in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police was a police department that operated from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a new york city law enformcement agency from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city . it was functioning from 1952 to 1995 .	the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement organization in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- , duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- , and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- .	the band members right now are : rob flynn -lrb- guitar , vocals -rrb- , adam duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- and phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- .	the band is made up of flynn on vocals and guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar , and dave mcclain on drums .	the current lineup of the band has flynn on vocals and guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar and dave mcclain on drums .	the band has these people in it : flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- duce -lrb- bass -rrb- phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- .	flynn on vocals and guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar and dave mcclain on drums form the current lineup of the band	flynn on vocals and guitar , duce on bass , phil demmel on guitar and dave mcclain on drums form the current lineup of the band	the current lineup of the band comprises flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- , duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- guitar -rrb- , and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb-	right now the band members are flyn , who does vocals and guitar , duce , bass , phil demmel , guitar , and dave mclain , drums .	the current lineup of the band having among its parts flynn -lrb- vocals 1 , music instrument with 6-cords -rrb- , duce -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- music instrument with 6-cords -rrb- , and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- .
the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .	they can be seen as more offensive version of the earlier characters pete and dud .	the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .	the cast are offensive speaking alikes of their earlier cast pete and dud .	the charactets are foul-mouthed versions of their earlier versions , pete and dud .	the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .	the characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .	the characters of pete and dud are foul-mouthed of their earlier	the characters are dirty and foul spoken extensions of their characters pete and dud which were previously done .	the new characters are based on their earlier characters of pete and dud with the addition that they are now foul-mouthed .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious .	in 1998 , culver won election to be the iowa secretary of state .	in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .	in 1998 , culver successfully ran for iowa secretary of state .	in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .	in 1998 culver was elected iowa secretary of state .	in 1998 culver was elected iowa secretary of state .	in 1998 culver ran for iowa secretary of state and won .	in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious .	in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was winner .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .	in 1999 , chris pronger won by one point over jaromir jagr ; and in 1990 , mark messier won by two points over ray bourque .	in 1990 mark messier took hart over ray bourque by two votes , the difference being a first-place vote .	in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .	mark messier won 2 votes i.e. first place vote	in 1990 , a single first-place vote allowed mark messier to take the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .	in 1990 , a single first-place vote allowed mark messier to take the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .	in 1990 , mark messier won the hart trophy , beating ray bourque by two votes overall and by just one first-place vote .	in 1990 , mark messier took the . hart over ray bourque by a border of two votes , the deviation being a single first- home vote	two votes was the difference . in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .	shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he breaks that law , and starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his group 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .	when shane breaks the law in a rash manner , the main plot of the novel is set in motion with a series of unexpected events that leads to shane 's separation from his fellow colonists after they flee the destruction of their home .	the main plot of the novel is when shade defies the law and sets off a chain of events that lead to the destuction of his colony 's home and becoming separated from them .	shade sets the main plot of the novel when he defies that law and initiates events that leads to the destruction of his home and forcing their migration as well as separation .	shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .	shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .	shade puts the novel into motion when he hastily defies that law ; he unintentionally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , premature migration , and separation from them .	shade makes the main conspiracy of the novel in motion when he impulsively resists that law , and carelessly starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their early migration , and his separation from them .	shade sets the main secret plan of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law , and inadvertently initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .	the opposite of a son is a daughter .	the female equivalent is a daughter .	the female equal is a daughter	the female equivalent is a daughter .	the female equivalent is a daughter .	the female equivalent is a daughter .	the female equivalent is a daughter .	the female equivalent is the daughter .	the similar girl is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	he was diagnosed with inoperable stomach cancer in april 1999 .	he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	he was told he had serious abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	he was told he had serious abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	he was diagnosed with abdominal cancer in april 1999 .	in april of 1999 , he was found to have stomach cancer that an operation would not fix .	he was diagnosed with adbominal cancer in april 1999 . it could not be subjected to surgery .
prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .	just before to gabrielle made landfall , the national park service shut down visitor centers along the outer banks .	prior to the storm arrival , the national park service closed visitor centers and campground along the outer banks .	before the storm came , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds with the outer banks .	before the storm came , the park service closed the center and camps down	the national park service closed visitor centers due to the arrival of the storm .	the national park service closed visitor centers due to the arrival of the storm .	prior to the arrival of the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .	before the storm came , the national parks service closed the visitor centers and the places where people were camping along the outer banks .	the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks before the storm could arrive .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	one way to play chess is called speed chess where each player has twelve minutes for the whole game .	speed chess is a form of chess . it is played by two players . each player has a total of twelve minutes .	the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has twelve minutes for the game .	the form of chess played is speed chess where each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	the form of chess played is speed chess where each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	the type of chess played is speed chess , in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	the form of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .	the type of chess played is speed chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the complete game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its branches .	the amazon basin is part of south america drained by the amazon river and tributaries .	the amazon basin is where the amazon river and it 's tributaries drain into in south america .	the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	the amazon basin is the part of south america depleted by the amazon river and its canals .	the amazon basin is the part of south america depleted by the amazon river and its canals .	the amazon basin is the part of south america . it is drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	the amazon basin is in south america and is drained by the amazon river and the smaller rivers leading off it .	the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and those who pay tribute to it .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their part in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju riot .	the two former presidents were separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two past presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for what they did during the 1979 gwangju massacre .	the two former presidents were later separtely charged with mutiny and treason . they were allegedly played roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .	the two earlier presidents were afterwards separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju genocide .
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	there was moderate to severe damage up the atlantic coastline and as far west as west virginia .	modest to serious damage reached up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	moderate to severe damage was up the atlantic coast and inland to west virginia .	there was moderate to severe damage all the way up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	the damage went up the atlantic coastline as far inland as west virgina	moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .	moderate to severe damages extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virgnia .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .	because the owner tends to not know , these computers are compared to zombies .	because the owner tends to be unaware , these computer are compared to zombies .	the owner does n't manage things well and his computers compare to zombies .	because the owner is mostly unaware , these computers are symbolically compared to zombies .	because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .	because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .	these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies as the owner was not concious about it	these computers are compared to zombies with metaphor because of the way the owner tends not to notice things .	when the proprietor conduces to be unconcious , these computers are metaphorically considered to supernatural .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .	the wave travelled across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .	the wave moved across the atlantic , and developed into a tropical storm off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .	the wave traveled across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression at the coast of haiti .	the wave traveled across the atlantic , and became a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .	after having traveled across the atlantic , the wave became a tropical depression off the coast of haiti on september 13 .	after having traveled across the atlantic , the wave became a tropical depression off the coast of haiti on september 13 .	on september 13 a tropical depression occured due to wave travelling accross the atlantic	the wave traveled across the atlantic and organized into a tropical depression off the coast of haiti on september 13 .	the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated annually .	for example , the associated press stylebook is updated every year .	for example , the associated press style book is updated annually .	for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated once a year .	the stylebook of the associated press is updated yearly .	for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated yearly .	for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated yearly .	for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated per annum	for example , the book on writing style of the associated press is changed every year .	to show the meaning , the stylebook of the associated press is changed once each year to make sure it is up to date .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .	these books are the first part of the new testament of the bible , and are put in a group of this order : the gospel of matthew , the gospel of mark , the gospel of luke and the gospel of john .	the four canonical texts are the gospels of matthew , mark , luke and john , written between ad 65 and 100 .	there are four canonical texts in the bible-matthew , mark , luke and john-likely writtine between ad65 and 100 .	gospels , matthew , mark , luke and john were most likey written after christ	the four approved texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .	the four approved texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .	the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .	the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , mark , luke and john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 . -lrb- refer also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .	most likely penned between ad 65 and 100 , the four canonical texts consist of the gospels of matthew , mark , luke and john , and also reference the gospel according to the hebrews ..
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .	since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture production .	since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture making business .	eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the 19th century .	since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry .	eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since 19th century .	eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since 19th century .	since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is known a lot for its furniture manufacturing industry .	eschelbronn has been well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century .	since the end of the 19th century , eschelbronn has been well known for it 's furniture manufacturing industry .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are made of mostly crystals of ice , neptune 's clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	unlike the clouds on earth , which are made of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane crystals .	unlike earth 's clouds which are composed of ice crystals , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made of of frozen methane crystals .	while clouds on earth are made up of crystals of ice , neptunes 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	while clouds on earth are made up of crystals of ice , neptunes 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	unlike the clouds on earth which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , neptune 's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .	the cirrus clouds on neptune are different from the clouds on earth in composition . the cirrus clouds are composed of crystals of frozen methan . but the clouds on earth is composed of crystals of ice .
development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .	development official stable releases are not often made , but in svn is mostly a stable version to use .	development stable releases are rare , but there are general subversion pictures which are stable enough to use .	development stable releases are rare but there are subversion snapshots which are stable enough .	development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .	development stable versions are hard to find , but you can often find subversion snapshots that are reliable enough to use .	development stable versions are hard to find , but you can often find subversion snapshots that are reliable enough to use .	development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .	development stable releases are not common , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .	development stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots -lrb- an informal photograph taken quickly -rrb- which are stable enough to use .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .	in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .	in the soviet years the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's landmarks : st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan .	in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal like st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .	in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .	in in the bolshevik era , two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- were demolished .	in in the bolshevik era , two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- were demolished .	in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's principal landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-180 7 -rrb- .	in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's principal landmarks -st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .	the bosheviks destryed two principal landmarks of rostov during the soviet years . one was st alexander nevsky cathedral in the year 1908 . the other was st george cathedral in nakhichevan during the period 1783-1807 .
he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he was buried in the church of san benito , in the city of alcántara , extremadura , spain .	he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he died on may 29 1518 in spain and was buried at the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he died in madrid , spain on may 29 , 1518 , and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain . it was buried in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he perished on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was interred in the church of san benito d ' alcantara .	he died on may 29 , 1518 in madrid , spain and was put into his grave in the church of san benito d 'alcantara .
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	this was proved by the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	in 1953 stanley l. miller and harold c. used the miller-urey experiment to prove this .	miller-urey experiment demonstrated it in 1953 .	this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	in 1953 , stanley l. miller and harold c. urey demonstrated this in the miller-urey experiment .	this was shown in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .	this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .	cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to make both electricity and useful heat at the same time .	cogeneration is a combination of heart and power to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .	cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate electricity and heat simultaneously .	cogeneration or combined heat and power , chp is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .	cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .	cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .	cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station at the same time generate both electricity and useful heat .	cogeneration -lrb- also joined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to produce both electricity and useful heat , at the same time .	cogeneration -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to generate both electricity and useful heat at the same time .
on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .	sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den , the reason for this is unclear .	no one knows why a male " den master " will sometimes let another male into the den .	although the reason is not clear , sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den .	on incident the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is not clear .	on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .	on occasion the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .	sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den ; the reason for this is unclear .	on opportunity the male " den master " will let a second male inside of the den ; the basis for this is poorly explained .	sometimes the male " den master " will aslo permit a second male into the den . but the reason for this behaviour is not clear .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .	below are some pages to help you get started .	below are some useful links to make your involvement easier .	below are some useful links to help your involvement .	below are some useful links to make your involvement easier .	below are some useful links to help your involvement .	below are some useful links to help your involvement .	below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .	below are some useful links to help you with your part in this .	below are some links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .	he was the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .	he served as prime minister of egypt from 1945-1946 and 1946-1948 .	he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .	he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .	he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .	he served as the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1948 .	he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .	he served as prime minster of egypt from 1945 and 1946 as well as from 1946 through 1948 .	he has been the prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .	she was left alone on the island when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the missions .	all the nicoleonos were shifted to the mainland but her , and the reason for this is not clear .	when nicoleños were moved to the mainland , she was left behind	she was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary -rrb- when the other nicoleños were moved to the country .	she was left behind when the rest of the nicolenos were moved to the mainland .	she was left behind when the rest of the nicolenos were moved to the mainland .	the remaining nicoleños moved to the mainland leaving her behind .	people have different thinking about why she was left behind when the nicolenos were moved to the main part of the country .	she was left behind -lrb- more than one reason was given for this -rrb- when the rest of the nicolenos were moved to the mainland .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .	chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and at first did not want to accept it .	chauvin felt shy getting his award and at first said that he might not get it .	chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and indicated that he might not accept it .	chauvin felt uncomfortable to receive his award and earlier said that he may not accept it .	chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and at first said that he may not accept it .	chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and at first said that he may not accept it .	chauvin is embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .	chauvin was uncomfortable to receive his award andfinally he decided that he may not accept it .	though he initially indicated that he may not accept it , chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .	after that , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that was shared is owned by themselves , even if esperanto is never chosen by the united nations or other international organizations .	later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .	later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if it is never used by the united nations or other international organizations .	later , esperanto speakers started to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , though esperanto is never accepted by the united nations of other international organizations .	even if esperanto is never adopted by the any international organizations , including the united nations , their speakers are beginning to see the language and culture grow .	even if esperanto is never adopted by the any international organizations , including the united nations , their speakers are beginning to see the language and culture grow .	later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as an end in itself , worthwhile , even if esperanto was never to be used by the united nations , or by any other international organization .	later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .	later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .	each change to the gfdl has a new version number .	license version number is unique .	a distinct version number is given to each version of the license .	each form of the permit is givin a different version number .	each license is given a number .	each license is given a number .	each version of the license is given a different version number .	each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .	each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .	that same year he also received a mechanics license , becoming the youngest licensed airplane mechanic in new york .	he got a mechanics certification that year , too , making him new york 's youngest , fully-certified aircraft mechanic .	he received a mechanics certificate the same year he became the youngest certified airplane mechanic in new york .	the same year he received a mechanics certificate becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .	he received a mechanics certificate , being the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .	he received a mechanics certificate , being the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .	that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .	on the year he became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york he also received a mechanics certificate .	that same year he also got a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which took place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .	summerslam is a pay-per-view wrestling event , which will take place on august 23 at the staples center in la , california .	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- , produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- will be held on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles and will be available on pay-per-view .	on august 23rd 2009 wwe summerslam at staples center in la will air on pay-per-view .	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming expert fighting pay-per-view event produced by world fighting amusement -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming expert fighting pay-per-view event produced by world fighting amusement -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- the upcoming wrestling pay-per-view event is produced by world wrestling entertaintment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .it will take place on agust 23,2009 at staples center in los angeles , california	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an next professional wrestling pay-per-view show produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .	summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	usually shown as being bald , with long whiskers , people say he is a living form of the southern polestar .	it is said that the southern polestar is bald and has long whiskers .	he is usually shown as bald with long whiskers and people say he looks like the southern polestar .	often shown as bald with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	portrayed as being bald with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .	generally pictured as being bald , with long mustache , he is said to be an embodiment of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .	a few animals have a chromatic response , they change color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly like the chameleon and the cephalopod family .	a few animals change color depending on the changing environment with seasonally or far more rapidly .	a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .	a few animals can respond by changing colors when the environment changes or when seasons change .	a few animals have related to the colours response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .	a few animals have related to the colours response , changing color in changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .	a few animals have chromatic response , changing color while changing environments , either seasonally -lrb- ermine , snowshoe hare -rrb- or far more quickly with chromatophores in their outre protective layer -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .	there are certain animals having chromatic response . they have the ability to change their body color according to the environment . it happens seasonally as in ermine and snwoshe hare . in the case of cephalopod family the color change is far more rapid with chromatophores in their integument .	some animals change color when their environments change , a process called chromatic response , either seasonally , as with ermine and snowshoe hare , or far more rapidly with chromoa tophonres in theri integument -lrb- the cephalapod family . -rrb-
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- venis caught rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- then venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep is wwf intercontinental championship , venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a t.v camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf international championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- . vinis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf international championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- . vinis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to keep the wwf interncontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- . venis got hold of rikishi after tazz hit rikisi with a tv camera .	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship -lrb- 14:10 -rrb- and venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera	val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinetal championship .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .	this is very similar to the unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .	this is like the unix method of have many programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .	this looks like the unix idea of having several programs with each doing one thing and working together .	this resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs that each do one thing well and work together over universal interfaces .	this closely looks alike the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one thing well and working together over global networks .	this closely looks alike the unix philosophy of having many programs each doing one thing well and working together over global networks .	this closely looks like the unix philosophy of having number of programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .	this is much like the stravinsky idea of having more than one program which each do one thing well and which work together across many platforms .	this closely similarly to each other the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .	his mother was a jazz singer , his father a band director at yale , and his brother is a composer / arranger and sister a violinist .	his parents were part of the music industry .	he had family with good musical background . his mother larue was a singer . she was working as an administrative assistant . his father keith brion was a band director at yale .	he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an official helper and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .	his parents were musical . his mother larue was a singer and his father keith brion was a band director at yale .	his parents were musical . his mother larue was a singer and his father keith brion was a band director at yale .	he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .	his was a musical family , as his mother , larue , was a secretary and singer , while his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .	he came from a musical family ; his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .	most mennonites are in the united states and democratic republic of congo , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .	the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but it is the sixth continents out of 51 countries .	the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states but mennonites can be found in communities in 51 countries on six continents .	while the largest groups of mennonites are in canada , the democratic republic of congo , and in the united states , individual mennonites , as well as tight- knit communities , can also be found among the populations of at least 51 countries on six continents .	the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states . mennonites also live in close communities in at least 51 countries on six continents , or scattered throughout the populations of those countries .	the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states . mennonites also live in close communities in at least 51 countries on six continents , or scattered throughout the populations of those countries .	1 . the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in well-organized communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .	the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst the populace of those countries .	the number of mennonites population is found the greatest number in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states . but this community can be found in large numbers in at least 51 countries of six continents . they are found dispersed among the other population of these countries .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .	its armor was rows of oval plates set into its skin , plus it had spikes jutting out of its neck and shoulder area along the spine .	acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin , with spikes sticking out of the neck and shoulder area along the back	acanthopholis 's armour was made up of oval plates that were put into the skin lengthwise and had spikes that jutted out from the neck and shoulder area , across the spine .	acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set horizontally into the skin with spikes outward from the neck and shoulder area .	acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .	acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .	acanthopholis ' armour was made up of egg-shaped plates running from side to side from the skin with spikes coming from the neck and shoulder along the backbone .	acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost flat into the skin , with the thin pointed piece of metal projecting from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .	an acanthopholis ' armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .	origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 because of the opening of the columbia , newberry , and laurens railroad .	when the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad opened , irmo station was charter on december 24 , 1890 .	origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .	due to the opening of the columbia , newberryand laurens railroad in 1890 , origin irom was chartered on christmas eve .	origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .	origin irmo was chartered on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .	the origin irmo line was chartered on christmas eve , in 1890 , in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad lines .	origin irmo came into existence on christmas eve in 1890 . it was in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .	origin irmo was rented on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railway line .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	the years before his final release in 1474 -lrb- when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia -rrb- , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	vlad and his new wife resided in the hungarian capital where he made plans to retake	before his final release in 1474 , vlad lived with his new wife in the hungarian capital , where he prepared for his second conquest of wallachia .	in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	in the years before his release in 1474 , when he began preparations for reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	in the years before his release in 1474 , when he began preparations for reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	before his final release in 1471 , when he began to prepare for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .	vlad was staying with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital . this period was before his final release in 1474 . he began the preparations for the recover of wallachia by conquest during the time of his release ..
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .	you may add five words -lrb- or less -rrb- as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the changed version .	you can add 5 words or less as a front cover text and 25 or less as a back cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .	a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , in the modified version .	you may add a sentence of up to five words printed on the front of the book , and sentences of up to 25 words printed on the back of the book , to the end of the list of cover wording choices in the version that allows changes .	you can add a verse of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a paragraph of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the amended version .	you can add a verse of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a paragraph of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the amended version .	to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version , you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text	you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the altered version .	for the cover texts in the modified version you have to add a passage of five words as a front-cover text and apassage upto 25 words as back-cover text
he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	he is buried at the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois ,	he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois	he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	he is interred in restvale cemetery in alsip illinois .	he is interred in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .	he is laid to rest in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .	bone marrow is a type of tissue that can be found in hollow bones .	bone marrow is the flexible tissue found inside bones .	bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow insides of bones .	bone marrow is the elastic tissue found inside bones .	bone marrow is the tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .	bone marrow is the tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .	bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .	bone marrow is the bendable part found in the empty spot inside of bones .	bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the inner empty space of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb- .	reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering works better for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same reason that the sky is blue and sunsets are red -rrb- .	because the scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets works better for blue light , reflection nebulae are more often blue .	reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb- .	reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red .	reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red . this same process gives us blue skies and red sunsets .	reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red . this same process gives us blue skies and red sunsets .	reflection nebulae -lrb- a cloud of gas and dust in outer space -rrb- are usually blue because the random spreading in various directions is more capable for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same spreading process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb- .	reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red -lrb- this is similar scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets -rrb- .	reflection nebulae are commonly blue because the scattering is more powerful for blue light than red -lrb- this is the same reason for the sky appears in blue and the sunset in red colors
monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .	it is located in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .	monteux is a commune of the vaucluse departement in france .	monteux is a town of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .	monteus is a community of the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-coted d 'azur .	monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur	monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur	monteux is a commune of the vaucluse départment in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .	monteux is a discussion of the vaucluse department in southern france , in the area of provence-alpes-cote d 'azur .	monteux is a commune of the vaucluse département in southern france , in the area provence-alpes-côte d ' azur .
this was substantially complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .	this was nearly finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod orchestrated the last movement with advice from george benjamin .	yvonne loriod completed the final decided movement , with advice from george benjamin , when messiaen died .	this was almost done wiht messiaen died , and yvonne loriod finished it with help from george benjamin .	this was fully complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod attempted the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .	as this was almost finished when messiaen died , yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .	as this was almost finished when messiaen died , yvonne loriod took on the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .	this was complete when messiaen died and yvonne loriod took the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .	this was greatly complete when messian died , and yvonne loriod undertook the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .	this was almost finished when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod started work on the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	for shi ' a muslims the city is one of the holiest cities , after mekka , medina , jerusalem , and an najaf .	shi ' a muslims believe karbala to be one of their godly cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	shi 'a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	shi 'a muslims consider karbala one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem , and najaf .	shi 'a muslims consider karbala one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem , and najaf .	shi 'a muslims think of karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	shi 'a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .	shi 'a muslims think about karbala as one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .	dr. schön ’ s son alwa arrives , excuses himself , and he and dr. schön leave .	he has to be at rehearsal , so he and dr. schön leave .	he excuses himself to leave for rehearsal , along with dr. schon .	he excuses himself because he had to leave for rehearsal .	he says he has to go to practice and he and dr. schön leave .	he says he has to go to practice and he and dr. schön leave .	he excuses himself because he and dr.schon have to leave for rehearsal .	he asks permission to go because he has to go for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön go .	he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , dr.dr. schön leave
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop came out of the british independent music scene of the 1990s and affected , or changed , by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop came from the british independent music scene in the early 1990s , influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	in the early 1990s britpop emerged from the british independent music scene and was decribed as bands that were influenced by bristish guitar pop of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop emerged from the british independent music , and was influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	britpop begined from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s and was represented by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .	this was joined into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .	this was added to battalions being formed for xi international brigade .	this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi brigade .	this was absorbed into battalions that were formed for xi international brigade .	this was taken into the army which was being formed for the xi international brigade .	this was taken into the army which was being formed for the xi international brigade .	this was taken up into body of men ready to fight being formed for the xi international army unit	this was engrossed into formations being formed fo xi international brigade .	this was absorbed -lrb- involved or entertained -rrb- into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .	the sheppard line has less users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains run on it .	the sheppard line has fewer users than other two subway lines and shorter trains are run .	the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines .	the sheppard line now has less users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .	right now the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are run .	right now the sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines , so shorter trains are run .	the sheppard line currently used other then then two subway lines .	the sheppard line now has less users than the other two underground lines , and shorter trains are run .	the sheppard line not only has fewer users than the other two subway lines , it also runs shorter trains .
it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .	it can hold 98,772 people , making it the largest stadium in europe and seventh largest football stadium in the world .	it can seat 98.772 , which makes it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .	with a capacity of 98,722 , this stadium is the largest in europe and eleventh largest in the world .	it has a capacity of 98,772 making it the largest stadium in europe and eleventh largest in the world .	it can accommodate 98,772 people which makes it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .	it can accommodate 98,772 people which makes it the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .	it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest in the world .	it has a accommodation of 98,772 , making it the biggest stadium in europe , and the eleventh biggest in the world .	it has a capacity of 98,772 , making it the largest stadium in europe , and the eleventh largest i
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .	in december of 1967 , ten boom was given the award of righteous among the nations by the state of israel .	the state of israel called ten boom one of the " righteous among the nations " in december 1967 .	in december of 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .	in december 1967 , israel honored ten boom as a member of the righteous among the nations .	the state of israel awarded ten boom as one of the righteous among the nations in december . 1967 .	the state of israel awarded ten boom as one of the righteous among the nations in december . 1967 .	in december 1967 , the state of israel honored ten boom as one of the righteous among the nations .	in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by israel .	in december , 1967 , ten boon was honored as part of the righteous amoung the nations by the state of israel .
about 95 species are currently accepted .	about 95 species are currently known .	about 95 species are currently accepted	about 95 species are currently accepted .	about 95 species are currently accepted .	about 95 species are currently accepted .	about 95 species are currently accepted .	95 species are accepted .	about ninety-five species are currently accepted .	about 95 kinds are being accepted now .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	the word " eugowra " comes from an australian aboriginal word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill . "	eugowra is said to be named after the native word meaning " the place where sand washes down the hill " .	eugowra , named after an indigenous australian word , means " the place where the sand washes down the hill . "	eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	eugowra is said to be named after the original or native australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .	euphoria is said to be named after the nearby australian word that is " the place where the sand washes down the hill
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .	jurisdiction relies on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best serve the needs of its society .	jurisdiction is obtained from public international law , conflict law , constitutional and executive and legislative branches of government in order to determine the resources needed to serve the citizens .	jurisdiction comes from various types of laws and governments distributing resources to serve society .	jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of goverment to allocate resources to serve the needs of its society .	jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law. conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resource to best serve the needs of its native society .	jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law. conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resource to best serve the needs of its native society .	jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society .	power moves towards its material from community national boundaries , opposition of laws , organizational law and ability of the administrative and creative offshoots of government to assign support to best serve the needs of its native society .	judiciary gets its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and parliamentary branches of government to distribute resources to best serve the needs of its local society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	he followed with pieces about hawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	he followed it with more pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha , and hiawatha 's departure .	he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	he followed this with other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	he followed this with other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	in addition to several other pieces about hiawatha he followed the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and his depaarture	he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .	he wrote other pieces about hiawatha after the first , including " the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha " and " hiawatha 's departure . "
the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop .	aracaju is the capital and largest city .	aracaju is the capital .	the capital of the state is aracaju .	aracaju is the capital of its state .	the wealth of the state is aracaju	the wealth of the state is aracaju	the capital of the state if aracaju .	the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop -rrb- .	the capital of the state is aracaju -lrb- pop .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .	although it was a very good job she was paid less than the male teachers .	despite this farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for about a decade .	even so , farrenc was paid less than her male peers for nearly 10 years .	despite this , farrenc made less money than males in her field for almost a decade .	even though farrenc made less than the men for almost ten years	even though farrenc made less than the men for almost ten years	despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male colleges for nearly a 10 years .	farrenc was paid less than the men in her field for nearly 10 years in spite of this .	despite this , he was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	vorkapich taught gumbasia in a style called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was crated in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was crated in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was made in a style vorkapich taught called kinesthetic film principles .	gumbasia was made using kinesthetic film principles which was taught by vorkapich .	gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich , follows the principle of film kinesthetic .
the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	the lawyer , named brandon , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	mk sun grew up to be a lawyer just like his idol brandon .	mk sun grew up to be a lawyer , like his idol waise lee .	like his idol , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , mk sun became a lawyer .	the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	the lawyer brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- was his idol as mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	the lawyer brandon waise lee became his idol and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .	the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his hero , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	canowindra -lrb- pronounced can-noun-dra -rrb- is an historic town near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located in austrailia near the town of cowra .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic suburb located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .	isbn 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	military career donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	donaldson joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	donaldson signed up for the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	military career donaldson enlisted in australian army on june 18 2002 .	donaldson began his military career when he enlisted in the australian army on june 18th , 2002 .	donaldson began his military career when he enlisted in the australian army on june 18th , 2002 .	donaldson enlisted for his military career in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .	as per the military career , donaldson was enlisted in the australian army on 18th june 2002
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .	people from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .	prospectors from california , europe and china also dug along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .	prospectors from california , europe and china are digging along the peel river and the mountain slopes .	miners from america , europe , and china were digging near the peel river and up the mountains .	prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .	prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .	the people from california , europ and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes in search or petroleum or valuable metals .	people from california , europe and china were digging beside the peel river and up the mountains looking for valuable things ..	documents from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .	before electronic calculators were developed , slide rules were the tool used most often in science and engineering .	before the pocket calculator it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .	before the arrival of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .	it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the pocket calculator .	it was the most often used calculation tool in science and engineering before the invention of the pocket calculator .	it was the most often used calculation tool in science and engineering before the invention of the pocket calculator .	before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .	before the arrival of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .	before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation device in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .	the new kindle features improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text out loud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimetres -rrb- .	the kindle 2 features grayscale display , improved battery life , and overall thickness reduced .	the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches .	the kindle 2 features 20 percent . it faster page-refreshing . a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .	reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1milimeters , -rrb- the kindle 2 has less thickness , 20 % faster page-refreshing , a text-to speach option , to read the text aloud , and a 16-level grayscale display .	reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1milimeters , -rrb- the kindle 2 has less thickness , 20 % faster page-refreshing , a text-to speach option , to read the text aloud , and a 16-level grayscale display .	the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .	the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .	the charectiristics of the kindle 2 includes 16-level grayscale display , longer battery life , 20 percent speedier page -refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text loudly , and the total thickeness lowered to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- from 0.8 inches .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .	yogurt is a dairy product made with bacteria and milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by fermentation of milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a milk-based food made by bacterial fermentation of milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a milk-based food made by bacterial fermentation of milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .	yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by adding bacteria to milk and letting it ferment .	yoghurt , also called yogurt , is a dairy product produced when bacteria ferments in milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been added .	75 defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	while there are only thirty-five goaltenders in the hall of fame , there are seventy-five defencemen , more than any other position held today .	out of seventy-five defencemen in the hall of fame , only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .	seventy-five militarymen are in the hall of fame , more than any other ongoing position , while only 35 goaltenders have been called up .	seventy-five defencemen are there in the hall of fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been called up .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .	other views on the subject have been considered in the past , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .	although different views on the subject were offered thoughout the centuries , none were accepted by the mainstream christian churches .	mainstream christian bodies rejected all the alternative views on the subject that were proposed over the centuries . -lrb- see below -rrb- .	mainstream christian groups denied alternative views on the subject throughout the centuries . -lrb- see below -rrb-	mainstream christian organizatoins have rejected alternative views through the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- .	mainstream christian organizatoins have rejected alternative views through the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- .	alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries but all were rejected by christian bodies .	other views on the subject have been suggested throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- , but all were rejected by main christian bodies .	. alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album , however , was banned from many record stores nationwide .	the album was banned from many record stores in the united states .	however , the album was banned nationwide from many record stores .	the album was banned from many record stores across the country .	the album was not allowed in many record stores in america .	the album was banned from many record stores .	the album was banned from many record stores .	the album , however , was not allowed in many record stores across the country .	the album , on the other hand , was banned from many record shops in the whole country .	however , the album has been prohibited from many record stores in the entire nation .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the bottom .	the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .	the legs are wide at the top , and slim at the ankle	the legs are wide and the top and get smaller by the ankle
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .	in late 2004 , suleman was in the news for cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations because of stern 's frequent discussions about stern 's move to sirius satellite radio .	in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by removing howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern frequently talking about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .	in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , mentioning stern 's frequent talks of his next move to sirius satellite radio .	in 2004 suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's discussions regarding his move to sirius radio .	in late 2004 , suleman was in the news for cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , stating that he did so because of stern 's repeated discusions about his future move to sirius satellite radio .	in late 2004 , suleman was in the news for cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , stating that he did so because of stern 's repeated discusions about his future move to sirius satellite radio .	late in 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stantions , saying it was due to stern 's many talks about his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .	late in 2004 suleman was noticed for cutting howard stern 's radio show from four stations since stern brought up his move to sirius satellite radio .	in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio direct relay from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio .
he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .	he won the presidential election held on march 2 , 2008 with about 70 % of the vote .	he won the presidential election on march 2nd , 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .	he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .	he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .	he won the presidential election conducted on 2 march 2008 and secured 71.25 % of the total votes polled .	he won the presidential election conducted on 2 march 2008 and secured 71.25 % of the total votes polled .	he conquered the presidential poll on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .	he won the presidential election conducted on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the famous vote .	he won the presidential election held on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the people vote .
the plant is considered a living fossil .	it can be called a " living fossil " .	the plant is seen as a living fossil .	the plant is considered a living fossil .	the plant is a living fossil .	the plant is considered a living fossil .	the plant is considered a living fossil .	the plant is a living fossil .	the plant is thought to be a living fossil .	the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .	in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer who could be at saudi arabia .	in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .	in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .	she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia during 1990 .	in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .	in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .	in 1990 , she was the only girl entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .	in saudi arabia -lrb- 1990 -rrb- there was only one female entertainer allowed to perform .	as a female entertainer she alone was allowed to perform in saudi arabia during 1990
offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .	offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were extremely popular both in france and elsewhere in the 1850s and 1860s .	offenbach 's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world during the 1850 's and 1860 's .	offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in france and in the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .	offenbach 's many operattas , including orpheus in the underworld and la belle helene , were very popular in france and the english-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s .	during the 1850s and 1860s , orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were some of the famous offenbach 's operettas in both france and the english-speaking world .	during the 1850s and 1860s , orpheus in the underworld and la belle hélène were some of the famous offenbach 's operettas in both france and the english-speaking world .	offenbach 's numerous operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very great popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .	offenbach ' s a great number of operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la beautiful woman helene , were greatly pleasing to all in both france and the english-talking earth during the 1850s and 1860s .	offenbach ' s a great number of operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la beautiful woman helene , were greatly pleasing to all in both france and the english-talking earth during the 1850s and 1860s
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .	roof tiles from the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .	roof tiles date back to the tang dynasty with this symbol which was found west of the ancient city of chang 'an .	roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this sign have been found west of the old city of chang ' an which today is called xian .	roof tiles during tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an or modern-day xian .	roof tiles of the time of the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .	roof tiles of the time of the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the old city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .	roofing tiles used before the tang dynasty with this symbol is found in western parts of ancient chang 'an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb-	roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this marking have been found west of the ancient city of chang 'an -lrb- present day xian -rrb- .	roof tiles used during the dynasty of tang were recovered from the west of ancient city of chang 'an . they carried this symbol . the city chang 'an nowadays known as xian .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .	jeanne demessieux -lrb- born montpellier , france , 13 february 1921 ; died paris , 11 november 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist and composer .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 – november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux lived from february 13 , 1921 until november 11 , 1968 and was a french organist , pianist , composer and teacher .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and a strict teacher .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and a strict teacher .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- , was a french organist , pianist , composer , and a strict teacher .	jeanne marie- madeleine demessieux , born on 13th february 1921 and died on 11th november 1968 , was a french organist , pianist , composer and teacher .	jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux was a french organist , pianist , composer , and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .	by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to play .	most people said that the device was very hard to control .	the instrument was almost impossible to control .	it was found that the instrument was nearly impossible to control .	most people say the instrument was almost impossible to control	most people say the instrument was almost impossible to control	by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .	it was nearly impossible to control the instrument , by most accounts .	most accounts is that the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the earliest extant church in assisi .	santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , is the oldest church in assisi .	the earliest extant church in assisi is st. mary the greater .	sanata maria magiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the earliest surviving church in assisi .	santa maria maggiore is the earliest extant church in assisi .	santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the oldest church in assisi .	santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the oldest church in assisi .	santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- , the first extant church in assisi .	santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary the greater -rrb- is the earliest church in assisi that is still surviving .	santa maria maggiore , known as st. mary the greater , is the earliiest church in assisi still in existance .
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .	characteristics radar observations indicate that it is made of iron-nickel .	characteristics radar observations show a fairly pure make up of iron and nickel .	radar observations indicated a pure iron-nickel composition .	radar testing shows composition of mostly iron-nickel .	characteristics radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .	characteristics radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .	characteristics radar observations show a adequately pure iron-nickel composition .	characteristics radar observations mentioned a fairly pure iron-nickel composition	characteristics radar observations point out a composition made of iron and nickel which is pure to some extent .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .	railway gazette international is a monthly business journal about the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .	railway gazette international is a monthly trade journal of the worldwide railway , metro , light rail and tram industries .	railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering railway , metro , light rail and tram industries .	railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .	railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .	railway gazette international is a monthly business journal covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries around the world .	railway gazette international covers , worldwide , the railway , metro and light rail and tram industries , in its monthly business journal .	railway gazette international is a monthly business book covering the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries in all over the world .	railway gazette international is a monthly piece of business reading talking about the railway , metro , light rail and tram companies from around the world .
he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	he was made companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	he became companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	he was named companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	in 1988 he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- .	he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .	he was appointed companion of honour in 1988 .	he was appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	he has been appointed companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- in 1988 .	in the year 1988 he got the appointment as the companion of honour -lrb- ch -rrb- .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .	loèche houses the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .	loèche harbours of onyx is the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .	loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .	loeche harbours the installations of onyx which is the swiss interception system .	loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the system for electronic intelligence gathering .	loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the system for electronic intelligence gathering .	loeche is used in the installation of onyx , the swiss interception system for collecting information about electronics .	loeche harbors the land with buildings of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence the parts in folds	loeche harbours the installations of onyx . it is the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering to collect informations using electronic and satellite sources .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .	a matchbook is a small cardboard container that holds a quantity of matches inside and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior .	a matchbook is a small cardboard box that holds matches and has a rough surface to strike on its outside .	a matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and has a coarse striking surface on the exterior .	a matchbook is a small cardboard folder with matches and a coarse striking surface .	a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- or matchcover -rrb- that holds some matches and has a rough area on the outside .	a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- or matchcover -rrb- that holds some matches and has a rough area on the outside .	a matchbook is a small cardboard folder enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .	a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior .	a box of matches is a little pasteboard binder -lrb- concealment -rrb- surrounding a collection of matches and possesing a rough igniting the top part on the outer boundary .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .	she never renounced the commune , and few times later the judges to sentence her to death .	boldly , she promised never to give up the commune , and challenged the judges to give her the death penalty .	she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death .	disobedently , she sweared to never deny the commune , and challenged judges to sentence her to death	she bravely promised that she would never quit the commune and challenged the judges to give her a death sentence .	she bravely promised that she would never quit the commune and challenged the judges to give her a death sentence .	defiantly , she made a promise to never give up the commune , and dared teh judges to sentence her to death .	she refused to give up the commune and prefered the death sentence	defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and defied the judges to condemn her to end .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .	warriors manga graystripe 's trilogy there is a three book manga series based on what happened to graystripe between the time that he was taken by " twolegs " in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .	graystripe 's trilogy is a three book series that covers the time between when he taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan .	graystripe 's " trilogy there " is a three volume original english-langrage comic series of oel manga series following graystripe , between the time he was taken by " twolegs in dawn " until he returned to " thunderclan in the sight " .	oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan in the sight .	oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe from the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to thunderclan in the sight .	oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy is a three volume original english-language manga series following graystripe from the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returns to thunderclan in the sight .	the oel manga series , graystripe 's trilogy , is a three volume original , english-language , graphic novel series that follows graystripe between the time he was taken by twolegs in " dawn " until he returned to thunderclan in " the sight . "	oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english-language manga series behind graystripe , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn till he returned to thunderclan in the sight .	oel manga occuring in sequence graystripe 's trilogy . there 's a three quantity volume earliest english-language manga series following graystripe , linking the time that it was accepted by twolegs in dawn up until he came back to thunderclan in the sight .
samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .	samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not stay together in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were in contact with americans on a daily basis .	samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not meet in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as street vendors were able to talk with americans on a daily basis .	samovar & porter did not congregate in urban enclaves because of the immigrants with americans on a daily basis	according to authors samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 , p.84 -rrb- , syrians did not meet up in groups in city places ; many of the immigrants without jobs were able to talk with americans every day .	on page 84 of their 1994 work , samovar & porter noted that syrians did not stick together in urban areas , rather many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers spent time with americans on a daily basis .	on page 84 of their 1994 work , samovar & porter noted that syrians did not stick together in urban areas , rather many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers spent time with americans on a daily basis .	according to samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 , p . 84 -rrb- , syrian immigrants did not segregate in urban enclaves , but many who had been peddlers interacted with americans on a day-to-day basis .	samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not get together in city groups ; many of the immigrants who had worked as sellers on the street were able to talk with americans every day .	samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .	he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and metal garden furniture .	he was famous for his prints , book covers , posters and garden metalwork furniture .	he was famous for his prints , book covers , postersand metalwork furniture too	he was also well known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .	he was well known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .	he was well known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .	he was also popular for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .	he is famous for prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .	he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .	she had a collapsed lung twice , had pneumonia four or five times each year and had problems with her appendix and tonsils .	she suffered from many lung , appendix and throat related diseases in her childhood .	during her childhood , she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and a tonsillar cyst .	during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , pneumonia four or five times a year , a burst appendix and a cyst on her toncils .	at the time of childhood she experienced from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a punctured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .	at the time of childhood she experienced from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a punctured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .	she suffered from her lungs collapsing twice , has a ruptured appendix , a tonsillar cyst and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year during her childhood .	she suffered pneumonia 4-5 times from collapsed lungs twice , a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst for childhood .	for two times she had lung disorder when she was a child . she was also suffered from pneumonia 4 to 5 times a year . she was also affected by appendix disorder and had a tonsillar cyst . all these happened during her childhood period .
dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .	dr. david lindenmeyer , -lrb- australian national university -rrb- , has said that the need to make nest boxes showed that logging was removing too many older trees with hollows needed by species like leadbeater 's possum .	dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has said that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for saving hollow-dependent animals like leadbeater 's possum .	dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .	dr. david lindenmayer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species like the leadbeater 's possum .	dr. david lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species .	dr. david lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow-dependent species .	dr. david lindenmeyer of australian national university has argued that the need for next boxes to conserve hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable ,	dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .	dr. david lindenmeyer of the australian national university has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are bad for the environment , particularly for species that rely on hollows for nesting and breeding , such as leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .	the montreal canadiens are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .	the montreal canadiens are a ice hockey team based in montreal quebec .	the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from montreal .	the montreal canadiens are a skilled ice hockey team from montreal , quebec , canada .	the montreal canadians is a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .	the montreal canadians is a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .	the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal . montreal was quebec , canada .	the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .	the montreal canadiens are one of the best , perfect , well qualified , hard working ice hockey team based in montreal , quebec , canada .
small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .	small inductors can also be put onto integrated circuits using the same ways that are used to make transistors .	both small value inductors and transistors can be built on integrated circuits .	small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .	small value inductors and transistors can both be built on integrated circuits using the same process .	small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .	small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits with the same processes used to make transistors .	small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .	small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .	small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .	the term gribble was originally used for the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .	the term gribble was originally assigned to the first wood-boring species described by rathke in norway in 1799 , called limnoria lignorum .	the term gribble was assigned to the wood-boring species especially the first species from norway .	gribble refers to a wood-boring species from norway that rathke first described in 1799 .	gribble was the word originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first ones described in noray by rathke in 1799 as limnoria lignorum .	gribble was the word originally given to the wood-boring species , especially the first ones described in noray by rathke in 1799 as limnoria lignorum .	the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria lignorum .	limnoria lignorum was a wood boring species . the term gribble was given to these species . they were first reported from norway in 1799 by rathke .	the term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species , especially the first species named limnoria lignorum described by rathke from norway in 1799 .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds caused by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	wound that are s made by a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds caused by a club are mostly known as club or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds caused by a club are mostly known as club or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	when a person is wounded by a club , it is called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .	the wounds caused by the cub are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	after that the shire 's business was done at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	after the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder , greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	1 . thereafter the county 's public affairs was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	after that the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .	after that the country 's administration was organized at duns or lauder before greenlaw became the country town in 1596	afterwards the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town .	thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .	no one has yet done a quadruple axel jump .	no skater has accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .	no skater has been able to do a quadruple axel in competition .	so far in a meet , no skater has ever done a spin with four spins in the air .	no skater has landed a quadruple axel in competition .	no skater has landed a quadruple axel in competition .	no skater has not yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .	till now , no skater had achieved a quadruple axel in competition , successfully .	none of the skaters have completed a quadruple axel in the competition until now .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .	there are other rules that also apply to those who enter the mosque , even though they do not want to pray there .	however , there are still rules for people who do not want to pray who go in to the prayer hall of a mosque .	however even those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without praying there are rules that apply .	however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .	however , for those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .	however , for those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .	however , there are still rules for people who enter the prayer hall of the mosque with no intention of praying .	otherwise , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the coming for praying , there are still rules to be obeyed .	however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the purpose of praying , there are some rules applicable to them .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .	it has a pointed face and it is about the size of a rabbit .	it has a sharp face and is about as big as a rabbit .	it is the same size as a rabbit and has a pointy face .	it is about the size of a rabbit and has a pointed face .	its described to be the size of a rabbit .	its described to be the size of a rabbit .	it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .	it was set as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit	it is described with a pointed face and is about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is the amount of useful work that a computer system can perform compared to the time it takes to perform this work .	computer performance is defined as the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is defined by the amount of useful work achieved by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is measured by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is characterized by the amount of work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is characterized by the amount of work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .	computer performance can be judged by the amount of useful work that gets done by a computer system , taking into account the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .	some of the biggest reservoirs in the world can be found along the river .	some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .	the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .	a few of the largest reservoirs on earth can be found in volga .	along the volga , some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be seen .	along the volga , some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be seen .	some of the largest lake in the world can be found along the volga .	some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .	some of the largest wetlands in the world can be found along the volga .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .	they can be a very pale pink all the way up to dark brown .	human skin hues can go from dark brown to pale pink .	the color of human skin can vary from dark brown to pale pink .	color tones on human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .	human skin color can range from very dark brown to very light pink .	human skin color can range from very dark brown to very light pink .	human skin can change from very dark brown to very pale pink .	the colors of human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink , or anywhere in between .	the shade of human skin can vary from very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .	bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus by making grameen bank a part of shorebank with money from the ford foundation .	bankers from shorebank helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank from a grant of the ford foundation .	bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official start of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .	a community development bank in chicago helped yunus with the official incorporation from the ford foundation .	chicago community development bank in , foundation helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under from the ford .bankers from shorebank .	chicago community development bank in , foundation helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under from the ford .bankers from shorebank .	bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .	bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .	bankers from shorebank is a community development bank in chicago . it helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	representatives of the hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the season .	members of the of the professional hockey writers association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	members of the of the professional hockey writers association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	agent -lrb- officer -rrb- of the professional hockey writer 's corporation vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association will vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .	representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the main season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .	it is bordered by iran in the west , pakistan in the south and east , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , tajikistan in the north , and china in the northeast .	tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .	tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border of afghanistan .	tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .	tajikistan , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .	tajikistan , turkmenistan , and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .	tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan are above afghanistan , iran is to its left , pakistan is below it , and the people 's republic of china is to its right .	tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .	bordering afghanistan towards the northern side are the countries of tajikstan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan , iran borders it on the west while the southern and easter borders of afghanistan have pakistan and the people 's republic of china as neighboring countries respectively .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .	nupedia 's articles were written by owned by bomis , inc which was a web portal company .	bomis inc , a web portal company founded nupedia on march 9 , 2000 .	bomis , inc . , a web portal company , founded nupedia on march 9 , 2000 .	nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .	bomis , inc , a web portal company formed nupedia on march 9 , 2000 .	bomis , inc , a web portal company formed nupedia on march 9 , 2000 .	nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .	nupedia was founded on march 9 2000 under the ownership of bomis inc .	nupedia was started on march 9 , 2000 , under the ownership of bomis , inc , a web portal company .
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	iain grieve born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	born on february 19 , 1987 , in jwaneng , botswana , iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for the bristol rugby club , playing in the guiness premiership rugby competition .	born on february 19 , 1987 , in jwaneng , botswana , iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for the bristol rugby club , playing in the guiness premiership rugby competition .	iain grieve is a rugby union back-rower for bristol rugby .	iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union player who occupies the lower rank positions for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .	iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby coming together back-rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .	a quark model was made by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .	the quark model was proposed seperately by two different physicists , murray gell-mann and george zweig , in 1964 .	the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .	the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .	physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig introduced the quark model separately in 1964 .	physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig introduced the quark model separately in 1964 .	the quark model was proposed by physicists murrey gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 without any help from others	the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .	the sort of basic bit in science design to be copied was not dependently made an offer by physicists gell-mann murray and george zweig in 1964 .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	west berlin had its own post office , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany which issued its own postage stamps .	west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which produced its own postage stamps until 1990 .	west berlin had its own postal administration , from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	west berlin had its own postal administration , from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	until 1990 , west berlin had its own postal system , which used its own postage stamps , separate from west germany .	west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .	west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany ’ s , which gave out its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .	the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , which was painted in about 1482 .	italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , painted the primavera in 1482 .	italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli painted the primavera around 1482 .	the primavera is a painting by italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli .	the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .	the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .	the primavera is a composition by the italian middle ages artists sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .	painted around 1482 , the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter , sandro botticelli .	the primavera -lrb- c . 1482 -rrb- was painted by italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .	the capital city of new south wales is sydney .	new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .	new south wales 's biggest city and capital is sydney .	largest city new south wales and its capital is sydney .	sydney is the capital and largest city in new south wales .	sydney is the capital and largest city in new south wales .	the largest city and capital in new south wales is sydney .	the capital and largest city of new south wales is sydney .	sydney is the capital . the largest city is new south wales 's
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .	the plastic is most often epoxy , but other plastics , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .	polymers , such as polyester , vinylester or nylon , are also sometimes used as epoxies .	often the polymer used is epoxy , other polymers that can be used are polyester , vinyl ester or nylon .	most often the polymer is epoxy , but sometimes polyester , vinyl ester or nylon can be used .	the polymer is often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are sometimes used .	the polymer is often epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon are sometimes used .	the polymer is most often gum , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .	the polymer is usually epoxy , but other polymers such as polyester , vinyl ester , or nylon are also sometimes used .	the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .	the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine .	the names acts as a brand for a similiar type of tv chanel and have survived the downfall of print magazines	the name lives on as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , a digital radio station , and a website , all of which survived the death of the printed magazine .	the name remained as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have remained the downfall of the printed magazine .	the name will continue to exist as it is used as brand for a digital television channel and digital radio station . it is also used as brand for website . these have survived the end of the printed magazine .	the name will continue to exist as it is used as brand for a digital television channel and digital radio station . it is also used as brand for website . these have survived the end of the printed magazine .	the name survives as a brand for related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station and website which has survived the demise of the printed magazine .	the name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .	the name lives on as a very for a related spin-off by numbers , electronic television narrow way , by numbers , electronic radio station , and internet-site which have still lived the death of the printed store for gunpowder , arms
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .	at four-and-a-half years old he was left to live on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .	at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of italy for the next four years , living in orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children .	at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of the north italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other without a house children	at four-and-a-half years old , he was left to manage for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and travelling through towns with groups of other homeless children .	at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages . it roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .	at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in different orphanages . it roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .	at four and a half years old he ended up living on the streets of northern italy , living in different orphanages and going around with groups of other homeless children for four years .	when he was four and a half years old he was left on the streets of northern italy . for the next four years he stived for his food . he lived in various orphanages and roved through the towns . he was wandering with other homelss children .	at four-and-a-half years old he was left to live for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various homes made for homeless children and moving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .	stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be made more modern .	in the 1980s and 90s , as the ground began to modernize , stands were added behind sets of goals .	seats were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the field began to be updated .	during the 1980s and 1990s , the ground got more modern and stands were eventually added behind each set of goals .	stands were finallya dded behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be improved .	stands were finallya dded behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be improved .	stands were later put behind each set of goals duiring the 1980s and 1990s when the grounds were made better .	during the 1980s and 1990s goals were at some point added behind each set of goals as the grounds began to update .	stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .	a town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it does not have a market anymore , provided the right to do so still holds .	a town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , given the right to do so still is there .	a town that no longer holds a market can still be called a market town , or be considered to have market rights , as long as those rights still exist .	providing the right still exists , a town can be described as a market town or having market rights , even if it no longer holds a market .	a town may be correctly identified by a market or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .	a town may be correctly identified by a market or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .	a town may be correctly expressed as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .	. a town may be considered a market town and having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided it still may do so .	a town may be called as a market town even if there is no market there , if it has the right to do so .
a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .	a bastion on the eastern side was built later .	a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .	a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .	a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .	a bastion on the eastern approaches were built later .	a bastion on the eastern approaches were built later .	a bastion on the eastern approaches was built later .	later , a bastion was built on the eastern approaches .	a fortification was built later to protect the eastern border lands .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .	events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to the people he ruled and is killed in the fight .	historical events , europe , july 29 - in the battle of stiklestrad in norway , olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed .	in july 29 the battle of stiklestad occurred which olav haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in battle .	events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals he is killed in the battle .	1 . events europe july 29 : in the battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- , olav haraldsson was killed on his loss with his pagan vassals	1 . events europe july 29 : in the battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- , olav haraldsson was killed on his loss with his pagan vassals	among events that happened in europe , on july 29. was the battle of stiklesstand in norway , in which olav haraldsson lost his pagan subjects and his life .	events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .	battle of stiklestad took place on july 29 in norway , a european country . in this battle olave haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed .
others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .	others have thought that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd because of the criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .	others have suggested that tresca was killed by the nkvd as payback for criticism of the stalin government of the soviet union .	others think that tresca was gotten rid of by the nkvd because he was critical of stalin 's regime in the soviet union .	others have assumed that tresca was removed by the nkvd as punishment for criticism of the stalin kingdom of the soviet union .	others have believed that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of stalin 's regime of the soviet union .	others have believed that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of stalin 's regime of the soviet union .	others have theorized that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .	others have proposed that tresca was eliminateed by the nkvd as punishment for fault finding of the stalin regime of the soviet union .	others have made theories that tresca was took away by the nkvd as retribution for views put forward as to errors of the stalin system of things of the soviet union .
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .	this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming different countries .	this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .	this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .	this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .	this resulted for both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .	this resulted for both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .	montenegro and serbia became independent because of this	this made these two countries , montenegro and serbia , to become independent countries .	this resulted in both montenegro and serbia begin to be free countries not depending on any other countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .	only use html and css markup if there is a good reason .	if necessary , use html and css markups as needed .	use html , and css sparingly with good reason .	use html and css only when necessary .	use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .	use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .	use html and css markup rarely and only if you have a good reason .	html and css markup should be used sparingly and with good reason .	use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .	schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were false .	schuschnigg responded publicly that reports of riots were false .	schuschnigg immediately stated that reports of riots were false .	schusschnigg immediately announced publicly the report of riots was false .	schuschnigg made an immediate , public response to the false riots .	schuschnigg made an immediate , public response to the false riots .	schushnigg immediately responded publicly that the reports of riots were false .	schuschnigg quickly said to the public that the stories about riots were not true .	schuschnigg immediately gave a reaction publicly that reports of street fights were false
addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a town in the london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a suburb in london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a suburb in london borough of croydon , england .	addscombe is a suburb -lrb- a district lying just outside the city -rrb- in the london borough of croydon , england .	addiscombe is a suburb in the london borough of croydon england .	addiscombe is a coutryside in the london borough of croydon , england .
depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .	the word constituent can also be used to refer to a citizen who lives in the area that is governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes the word is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .	another meaning of constituent would be a citizen residing in the area served by a politician .	depending on the context another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed and represented .	depending on the situation , constituent could also describe a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician .	based on the given situation , one more nearest meaning of constituent would be " a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; " at times , this is limited to the citizens who elected the politician .	based on the given situation , one more nearest meaning of constituent would be " a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; " at times , this is limited to the citizens who elected the politician .	depending on contecnt , constituent can mean a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served as a politician , sometimes restricted to citizens who elected the politician .	depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .	depending on the situation , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is only for the citizens who voted for the politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .	he is a member of institute for european history in mainz , a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .	prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .	prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .	prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration .	prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz . he is also a senior fellow of the centre for european integration studies in bonn .	prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz . he is also a senior fellow of the centre for european integration studies in bonn .	prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz and a senior fellow of center for european integration studies in bonn .	prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz and a a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies bonn .	prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .	stallone also had a small appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .	stallone had a cameo appearance in the french film taxi 3 as a passenger .	stallone also had a small character part in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .	stallone appeared in a very small role as a rider in the 2003 french film taxi 3 .	stallone played a cameo role as a passenger in the 2003 french film taxi 3 .	stallone played a cameo role as a passenger in the 2003 french film taxi 3 .	in a cameo appearance stallone was a passenger in the 2003 french film taxi 3 .	stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french film taxi 3 as a passenger .	stallone also had a guest apperance in the french film taxi 3 where he acted as a passenger . the film was released in the year 2003 .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .	it started out with wario land : super mario land 3 , and has grown to have its new spin-off series with warioware , inc . : mega microgame $ !	the platforming series wario land is a spinoff of the super mario land series , starting with wario land : super mario land 3 .	the wario land series began with wario land and is now on the super mario land series .	the wario land series is a platforming series that started with super mario land 3 .	wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .	wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .	wario land is a platforming seried that started with : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .	the platform series wario land from the wario land series stared with the super mario land series .	wario land the wario land series is a gaming series that started with wario land : super mario land 3 , a spin-off of the super mario land series .
furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .	furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate that the surface is stony .	spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates which have stony surface composition .	in addition , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicates rather a stony surface composition .	spectroscopic studies show signs of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate the formation of a stony surface .	the study of spectroscopic have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .	the study of spectroscopic have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .	furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown proof of hydrated minerals and silicates , which points to rather a stony surface material .	moreover , spectroscopic studies have shown presence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which shows that the surface composition is rather stony .	furthermore , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .	she also edited a lot of schumann ’ s works for the publisher breitkopf und härtel .	she became the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und hartel .	she became the chosen editor of her husband 's works for breikopf und härtel .	she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .	she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .	she became the authoritative editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .	she got the authorized editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf and härtel .	she became the well founded editor of the works done by her husband for breitkopf and hartel .	she became the authoritative person in control of paper of her married man 's works for breitkopf and hartel
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere .	mercury looks a lot like our moon : it has many craters with areas of smooth plains , no moons around it and no atmosphere .	mercury , which looks like the moon with its many craters and areas of smoothness , has no orbiting bodies around it and a minimal atmosphere .	mercury is similar in appearance to the moon with heavily cratered regions of smooth plains and no natural satellites or substantial atmosphere .	mercury looks like the moon , it has many craters with areas that are flat , has no objects floating around it and an atmosphere that we can not breath .	mercury looks like the moon : it has large amounts of craters with areas of smooth plains , has no moons and no real atmosphere .	mercury looks like the moon : it has large amounts of craters with areas of smooth plains , has no moons and no real atmosphere .	mercury is similar to the moon and it is cratered with regions of smooth plains as well as having no satellites .	mercury is similar in appearance to the moon , created with smooth plains , and no natural satellites and substantial atmosphere .	mercury is like the moon in many aspects.it has many craters , smooth plains and does not have natural satellites or a well built atmosphere .
geography the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .	the town is in the limmat river valley between baden and zürich .	the town geography lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .	the town lies in the limnat valley between baden and zurich .	the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .	geographically the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zurich .	geographically the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zurich .	geographically the town lies in the limmat valley between baden and zurich .	there is a town called geography , that lies in the limmat valley , between baden and zürich .	geography the town is located in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	these give very good conditons for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull to live in .	these provide an excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	these provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	these ideally provide a great habitat for chinkara , hog deer , and blue bull .	these provide ideal and excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	these provide ideal and excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .	ideally , these make an excellent breeding ground for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled first by the turkish and the afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	1 . after the sena dynasty , dhaka was consecutively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .	between the arrival of the mughals in 1608 and the rule of the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate .	before the mughals arrived in 1608 , after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled for a long time by turkish and afghan governors that descended from the delhi sultanate .	after the sena dynasty dhaka was successively ruled by turkish and afghan governors .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house .	the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .	the prime minister stays in office as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house .	the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house .	the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house .	the prime minister is in office until he loses lower house support	the prime minister is in office until he loses lower house support	the prime minister can stay in office only as long as he or she maintain the support of the lower house .	the prime minister stays in office as long as the minister retains the support of the lower house .	the prime minister stays in office till their retains to the lower house .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt .	on 1 june 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were caught after a gunfight in frankfurt .	on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members , jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were arrested after a long shoot-out in frankfurt .	on june 1 , 1972 , he and other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins , were caught after a long gun fight in frankfurt .	jan-carl raspe and holger meins of the raf were arrested on june , 1 1972 after a shootout in frankfurt .	on june 1 , 1972 , he and other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .	on june 1 , 1972 , he and other raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .	raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were shootout in frankfurt on june 1 , 1972 .	he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were taken hold after a lengthy shootout . it was in frankfurt on june 1 , 1972 .	on june 1 , 1972 , he and companion raf members ja-carl raspe and holger meins were caught were taken into custody after a lengthy gun fires in frankfurt
together they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .	together they formed a group which they called the “ new music manchester ” .	they formed new music manchester a group that is committed to contemporary music .	they formed a group committed to comptemporary music called new music manchester .	new music manchester is a group committed to contemporary music .	they formed the new music manchester band and sang contemporary	they formed the new music manchester band and sang contemporary	together they formed new music manchester , a group devoted to modern music .	together they formed new music manchester , a group made oneself responsible to being in existence at the time music	both of the formed a group committed to contemporary music called new music manchester .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .	the large and strong hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , and a storm surge about 18 to 20 feet affected the region .	small , but intense , the hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper florida keys when a surge of nearly 18 to 20 feet hit the area .	the compact and intense hurricane caused damage in the florida keys as a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affected the region .	the compressed and energetic hurricane caused severe damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm rise of nearly 18 to 20 feet affected the area .	the dense and strong hurricane created maximum damage in the upper florida keys , as a strom roll of nearly 18 to 20 feet affected the region .	the dense and strong hurricane created maximum damage in the upper florida keys , as a strom roll of nearly 18 to 20 feet affected the region .	the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .	the very solid -lrb- substance -rrb- and very strong -lrb- great -rrb- hurricane caused far end damage in the upper florida keys , as a bad conditions surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet acted-on the field , range .	the compact and intense hurricane caused very damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .	it is now the site of meher baba 's tomb as well as places for visitors to stay .	it is now the meher baba 's tomb-shrine and a place for pilgrims .	meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- is now located there and there are lodgings for people who come there as well .	it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- where pilgrims could stay and make use of the facilities available there .	it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and place for staying for pilgrims .	it is now the location of meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and place for staying for pilgrims .	it is now the site of meher baba 's smadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities for visitors .	it is now the site of meher baba 's samadhi -lrb- tomb-shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .	it is where meher baba 's tomb or shrine , known as a samadhi , is located as well as lodgings for pilgrims .
the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .	the broken dome of the main church has been restored entirely .	the fallen dome of the main church has been completely fixed .	the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely .	the fallen dome of the main church was entirely rebuilt .	the destroyed dome of the main church has been restored completely .	the destroyed dome of the main church has been restored completely .	the collapsed dome of the main church has been restored .	the dome -lrb- of the main church -rrb- that fell in has been totally fixed .	the collapsed dome of the main churh has been brought back to its original shape completely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .	she is the second american woman and the sixth woman worldwide to do a triple axel jump .	in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .	in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .	meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition in 2005 .	in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .	in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in national competition .	in 2005 meissner became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in competition .	in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to get the triple axel jump in national competition .	meissner was the 2nd american woman to land the triple axel jump in 05
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex country , in massachusetts .	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .	salem is a city in essex county massachusetts .	salem is a city located in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .	forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found .	forty-nine kinds of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been recorded .	forty-nine type of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been found	forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .	forty-nine kinds of pipefish and nine kinds of seahorse have been written about .	forty-nine kinds of pipefish and nine kinds of seahorse have been written about .	forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse are recorded .	forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of sea horses have been recorded .	forty-nine and nine species of pipefish and seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km southeast of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropic island which is located in the carribbean about 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , located about 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km from east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , nearly 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the caribbean about 186 miles east of puerto rico .	saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , almost 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .	so these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .	if the pdfs contain pictures , they can not be shared unless they are changed .	therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .	because of this , these pdfs can not be sent out without more changes if they contain pictures .	therefore , if these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation .	therefore , if these pdfs contain images , they can not be distributed without further manipulation .	this is why the pdfs , if they contain images , will need to be further manipulated before they can be distributed .	therefore , these documents with pdf format should be editted if they contain images , in order to be distributed .	if any of these pdfs contain pictures , then they require additional processing before they can be issued
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .	police inspector sir frederick pottinger , who was also at the races , told the police to arrest ben for using guns in a robbery with gardiner .	in april 1862 , police inspector sir frederick pottinger ordered ben to be arrested for being in an armed robbery with frank gardiner .	in april , 1862 , police inspector , sir frederick pottinger , ordered the arrest of ben for his part in an armed robbery committed along with frank gardiner .	in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for his part in an armed robbery , with frank gardiner .	ben was arrested april 1862 , as ordered by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for an armed robbery he committed with frank gardiner .	ben was arrested april 1862 , as ordered by police inspector sir frederick pottinger for an armed robbery he committed with frank gardiner .	in april 1862 ben was arrested on orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for involvement in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .	n april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for being a part of an armed robbery when in the company of frank gardiner .	in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .	heavy rain fell across parts of britain , creating localized build up of flood waters .	heavy rain fell in parts of britain on october 5 , causing parts to flood .	heavy rain fell in parts of britain on october 5 causing flooding in some areas .	heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized gathering of flood waters .	heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .	heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .	heavy rain fell across britain on october 5 , causing accumulation of flood waters .	lots of rain fell on britain on october 5 , the led to flooding water in some locations .	heavy rain fell across portions of britain on october 5 , causing contain accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .	when used as a live cd , it can work with a usb flash drive , where the user 's configuration and personal data are saved .	version 2009.1 has a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's information can be saved .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where both user 's configuration and personal data can be saved .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's setup and personal data can be saved if desired .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's arrangements or design and personal data can be saved if desired .	version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb that the user can configure and use to save personal data should he wish to .
in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .	based on their strengths in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sps -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .	federal assembly seats are assigned by size of the political parties as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- has 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp	based on the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were assigned the following way : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .	in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : 2 for fdp , 2 for cvp , 2 for sp , 1 for svp .	in close relation to each of the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were given as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- , 2 members ; christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- , 2 members ; social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- , 2 members ; and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- , 1 member .	in close relation to each of the parties ' strength in the federal assembly , the seats were given as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- , 2 members ; christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- , 2 members ; social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- , 2 members ; and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- , 1 member .	the number of seats given to political parties reflected their influence in the federal assembly : the free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- had two members , the christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- had two members , the social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- had two members , and the swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- had one member .	going by the strength each party showed in the federal assembly , the seats were given as follows : free democratic party -lrb- ftp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .	in approximate relation to the parties ' respective strength in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .	a fee is the price one gives as payment for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant or member of a learned profession .	a fee is the price you pay for a job , like the money paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other professional .	a fee is the price someone pays in exchange for services , especially the payment paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .	a fee is the price a person pays for the services of doctors , lawyers , consultants and other jobs that require a college education .	a fee as remuneration for services , especially the paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .	a fee as remuneration for services , especially the paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .	payment for services , especially that which is paid to a member of a learned profession , such as that of a doctor , lawyer , or consultant , is called a fee .	a fee is the cost one pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .	a fee refers to the monetary compensation paid for services rendered particularly relating to the remuneration paid to professionals having specific skill and knowledge viz. a doctor 's fee , lawyer 's fee , consultant 's fee etc .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .	iceland and greenland knew of and recognised the overlordship of norway but when the norse invaded scotland the scottish were able to stop them and they made peace .	both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a peace settlement .	in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to stop a norse attack and broker a positive peace settlement .	in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .	both iceland and greenland accepted the ruler of norway , but scotland was able to prevent a norwegian invasion and a negotiate a peace settlement .	both iceland and greenland accepted the ruler of norway , but scotland was able to prevent a norwegian invasion and a negotiate a peace settlement .	in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to repulse a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .	there were other happenings , as both iceland and greenland accepted the overlorship of norway , while scottland was able to defeat a norse invasion , with both sides arriving at a peaceful solution .	iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland repulse and broke a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	the singles from the album were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	the singles from the album are " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	the songs from the album included " by the way , " " the zephyr song , " " ca n't stop , " " dosed , " and " universally speaking . "	the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	some singles from the album are : " by the way " , " the zephyr song , " ca n't stop ' , " dosed " , and " universally speaking " .	some singles from the album are : " by the way " , " the zephyr song , " ca n't stop ' , " dosed " , and " universally speaking " .	the singles from the album contains " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	the hits from the recording were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " dosed " and " universally speaking " .	the singles from the album added " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , ca n't stop " . " dosed " and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .	in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems were much better , and it was used as an operating system for students and hobbyists .	in april 2000 , minix became free or open source software under a non-restrictive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had exceeded its capabilities , and it continued to be mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .	minix became a free software under a permissive free software license in april 2000 , but it had already been surpassed by other operating systems .	in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists	. in april 2000 , minix became open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .	. in april 2000 , minix became open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .	in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software with excess of features free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had exceeded its capabilities , and it remained mainly an operating system for students and hobbyists .	in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .	in april 2000 , minix becaome free software under a free software licence but this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities and it primarily remained an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .	the color of the body is from light brown to grey and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the legs .	the body color varies from medium brown to goldish to beige-white and sometimes is marked with dark brown spots .	the body color differs from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the arms and legs .	the body colour varies from medium brown to goldish to beige-white , and is occasionally marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .	the body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish , to beige-white , sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the arms and legs .	the body color ranges from medium brown to gold-ish , to beige-white , sometimes marked with dark brown spots , especially on the arms and legs .	the body colour is found to vary . it varies from medium brown to goldish and to beige-white . sometimes it is marked with dark brown spots. it happens especially on the limbs .	the body color varies from brown-ish to gold-ish to beige-white ; and sometimes has dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .	the body colour varies from medium brown to gold-ish , occasioally , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .	its logo , which is the floral emblem of scotland , shows that the britannica was a scottish business .	the britannica was a scottish enterprise as symbolised by its thistle logo .	the britannica was mostly a scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its thistle logo , the emblem of scotland .	the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .	the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise with thistle logo of floral emblem of scotland .	the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise with thistle logo of floral emblem of scotland .	the britannica was primarily a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its floral emblem of scotland .	the britannica was for the most part a scottish work , as its thistle logo , which is the floral emblem of scotland , shows .	in the beginning the britannica was a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning was also enlarged southwards as jose intensified , before being cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .	as jose got stronger , the warning issued on september 22 covered a wider area southwards up until it was canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified before being canceled after landfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose increased , before being canceled soon after landdfall on september 23 .	the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose strengthened , before being cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .	the region encompassed by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .	in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .	in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their bosses said they used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards at the beginning of combat .	in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune reported u.s. marine pilots and their commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards in the beginning of combat .	in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. pilots and commanders used mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the start of combat .	in august 2003 , the u.s. marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards .	in august 2003 , the u.s. marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards .	the san diego union tribune in august 2003 alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark77 firebombs . it was against the iraqi republican guards during the starting stages of war .	in august 2003 the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the inital stages of warfare .	it has u.s. marine pilots . in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	the book and the little bit of film that is left can help people imagine what the whole movie may have been like .	the latter gave audiences the kind of information later provided by title cards , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	the latter provided audiences with information later provided by intertitles and help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	the latter information by the audiences and by intertitles , can help historians imagine about the film how it will be .	the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	the latter , which gave audiences the same sort of information later audience members would gett from subtitles , can help historians imagine what the film may have been like .	the latter , which was later replaced by intertitles , provided the audience with the necessary information , and is also of help to movie historians .	the last one provided hearers with the sort of information afterwards provided by intertitles , and can help historians think what the film may have been like .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .	that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance the growth of industry and trade .	in the underground economies of the third world real estate , business and other assets can not be used to raise fiscal capital .	because real estate , businesses and other assets in the economies of the third world ca n't be used as collateral to raise capital for expansion .	that is beacuase real estate , businesses , and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital .	it is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial expansion .	it is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial expansion .	that is because property , businesses and other resources in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as security to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion .	that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .	that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as guarantee to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .	he ran away from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .	he left sydney cove several times before being fatally shot in 1796 .	he ran away from sydney cove a few times before he was shot and killed in 1796 .	he escaped from sydney cove several times before he was shot dead in 1796 .	he bolted from sydney cove many times before being shot dead in 1796 .	he bolted from sydney cove many times before being shot dead in 1796 .	he bolted several times from sydney crove before being shot dead in 1796 .	he had several escape incidents in sydney cove before he was shot dead in 1796 .	he bolted from sydney cove many times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .	ned and dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender .	ned and dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .	ned and dan went to the police camp , telling them to give up .	ned and dan advanced to the police camp ordering them to surrender .	ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .	ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .	ned and dan moved forward to the police camp and asked them to surrender .	ned and dan advanced to the police camp , ranging them to give up .	ned and dan told by the police to surrender .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .	in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon said that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .	in a short film raising money for the charity , equality now , joss whedon said , " fray is not done , fray is coming back " .	in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .	in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back . "	in a video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done and coming back " .	in a video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done and coming back " .	in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon made it sure that " fray is not done , fray is coming back " .	in a short video promoting the charity equality now , joss whedon said that , " fray is not done , " fray is comiong back . "	in a short video shows the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .	a mutant is a type of fictional character in a fictional universe created by marvel comics .	mutants are fictional characters that appear in marvel comic books .	a mutant is a made up character shown in marvel 's commic books .	a mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .	a mutant is a kind of made up character that is in marvel comic books .	a mutant is a kind of made up character that is in marvel comic books .	a mutant is a form of imaginary character that is seen in comic books published by marvel comics .	a type of fictional character that appears in marvel comics is a mutant .	mutants are fictional characters from the x-men comic books published by marvel .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .	he was sent to australia as a convict for seven years .	his punishment was being sent to australia for seven years .	his sentence was to go to prison in australia for seven years .	his sentence was being sent to australia for seven years .	he had to go to jail for seven years in australia	he had to go to jail for seven years in australia	his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .	his sentence was carried to australia for seven years .	his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .	this act had also influenced charles , who had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden , " , an important metaphor in the book .	waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden , " a metaphor used by the story in a number of ways .	waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a figure of speech that informs the work on a number of levels .	waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened in an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .	waugh writes that charles had been in search of love in those days . when he first met sebastian he found that low door in the wall . which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden . it is a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .	waugh writes that charles had been in search of love in those days . when he first met sebastian he found that low door in the wall . which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden . it is a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .	waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an walled and fascinated garden " , a symbol that informs the work on a number of levels .	waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " , a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels .	waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he met sebastian at the first time . waugh found " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " . this is a metaphor that describe the work on several levels .
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .	her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .	her well known friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .	her famous friendship with the russian mystic rasputin was also a big part of her life .	her notorious friendship with russian mystic , grigori rasputin , was also an important factor in her life .	her notorious friendship with russian mystic grigori rasputin was an important factor in her life .	her notorious friendship with russian mystic grigori rasputin was an important factor in her life .	her dishonourable friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .	her well known relation with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was additionaly an important number in her life .	her well-known and poorly thought of friendship with the russian mystic , grigori rasputin , was also an important part of her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .	the term dorsal means the parts that are either located toward or grow off that side of an animal .	the term dorsal talks about parts in or on that side of an animal 's body .	the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are situated toward or grown off that side of the animal .	the word dorsal means any body part that grows off that side of an animal or that grows toward that side of an animal .	the term dorsal describes body parts that either point towards or grow from that side of an animal .	the term dorsal describes body parts that either point towards or grow from that side of an animal .	the term dorsal means a body part that grows off the side of an animal .	the term dorsal refers to back or upper side of anatomical structures . it usually connected with animals , human beings or plants .	dorsal is a structure that grow off of a side of an animal .
the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .	the term " protein " itself was created by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be made of a single type of a -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .	the name " protein " itself was given by berzelius , after mulder noted that all proteins looked to have the same observed formula and can be made of a single type of -lrb- very big -rrb- molecule .	the term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and might be composed of a single type of molecule .	the word " protein " was coined after it was observed that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and be made of one type of molecule .	the term " protein " itself was formulated by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins appeared to have the same emprical formula and might be consists of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .	the term " protein " itself was formulated by berzelius , after mulder noticed that all proteins appeared to have the same emprical formula and might be consists of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .	the term " protein " was made by berzelius , after mulder	he term " protein " itself was coined by berzelius , that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .	the limited stretch of time " protein " itself was made by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same based on experience signs making clear and might be controlled , untroubled of a single sort of -lrb- very greatly sized -rrb- smallest unit
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .	after the jerilderie robbery , the gang went into hiding for 16 months .	after raiding jerilderie , the gang hid for 16 months to avoid capture .	after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low to evade capture .	after the jerilderie raid , the gang went underground for 16 months evading arrest .	the gang laid low and avoided capture for 16 months after the jerilderie raid .	the gang laid low and avoided capture for 16 months after the jerilderie raid .	after the jerilderie raid , the members of the group hid out for 16 months to keep from being caught .	after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months .	the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture after the jerilderie raid .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .	it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .	barneville-la-bertran is a community in the calvados department in the basse-normandie area in northwestern france .	barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .	barneville-la-bertran is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france	barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .	barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .	barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .	barneville-la-bertran is french community . it is found in the calvados department in basse-normandie region in northwestern france .	it is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .	color ranges from orange to light yellow .	the colors range from orange to pale yellow .	color ranges from orange to pale yellow .	color ranges from orange to pale yellow .	the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .	the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .	the color starts orange and pales to light yellow .	color can be any thing from orange to pale yellow	orange to pale yellow for colour range .
in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 another part was added , that went north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 an extension was added that led north from union station , to university avenue and queen 's park , and west to st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 an extension was added , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park near bloor street. where it turns west at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 an addition was made , north from union station below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , turning west to end at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 an extention was added that curved north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 an extention was added that curved north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 an extension was included , curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .	an extension was added in 1963 which curved north from union station below university avenue and queens park , reaching nearly to bloor street and ending on the west side at st. george and bloor streets .	in 1963 it was extended so that it ended at st george and bloor streets . the extension started curving north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street and then it turned west to end at st. george and bloor streets .
it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is on an old walking track which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is located on the trail going west through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is located on an old portage trail which leads west through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is located on an old portage trail which led west through to unalakleet .	it is located on an westerly trail through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is located on an westerly trail through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is located on an old portage trail . it led west through the mountains to unalakleet .	it is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .	situated on a portage track between two waterways it traverses in a westerly direction towards unalakleet after crossing through mountainous regions .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .	people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and / or sudden cardiac death .	people with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or cardiac death or both .	people with cardiomyopathy are generally at risk of arrhythmia or quick heart death or both .	people with heart conditions are more likely to get heart attacks	people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .	people with cardiomyopathy are often in danger of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .	people with functional diseases of the heart muscle are often at risk of heart problems , sudden cardiac death or both .	people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or birth .	arrhythmia or heart beat disorder and sudden cardiac arrest are often associated with cardiomyopathy . cardiomyopathy is deterioration of heart muscle and persons with this disease may subject to arrhythmia or sudden cardiac arrest . sometimes both may happen at once .
as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it includes a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , its landscape was vast and varied , from the sierra madre mountains to the northern yucatan plains .	as the largest part of the whole in mesoamerica , it includes a large and changing landscape , from the mountain areas of sierra madre to the dry plains of northern yucatan .	as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it had a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	it was the largest sub-region in mesoamerica and covered a large and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	as the largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it encompassed a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatán .	asthe largest sub-region in mesoamerica , it surounds a vast and different landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucatan .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .	google then made the comic available on google books and their website and referenced it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .	google explained in its blogged about the early release of the comic that was made available on google books .	google eventually made the comic available on google books and their site . it was also mentioned on its official blog with an explanation for the early release .	google later made the comic available on google books and their site and noted it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .	google made the comic available on google books , mentioned it on their blog explaining the early release .	google made the comic available on google books , mentioned it on their blog explaining the early release .	google then made the comic available on google books and wrote about it on its official blog along with a reason for the early release .	the comic for google subsequently is available on the google books and their site is on its official blog along with an explanation .	google finally made the comic available on google books and their site and said it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .	he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the ussr , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and toured with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .	for their first-ever performance in the soviet union he toured with the ipo spring from 1990 to 1994 with china and india	he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 to their first performance in the soviet union and again with them in 1994 in china and india .	he toured with the ipo in spring and went to china and india	he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 to the soviet union . there with concerts in moscow and leningrad , they performed for the first time in soviet union . in 1994 he toured with the ipo again to perform in china and india .	he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 to the soviet union . there with concerts in moscow and leningrad , they performed for the first time in soviet union . in 1994 he toured with the ipo again to perform in china and india .	he performed with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first time in the soviet union with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and performed with the ipo again in china and india in 1994 .	he toured with ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first peformance in the soviet union with concerts in moscow and leningrad and toured with ipo again in 1994 .	he visited with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad , and visited with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .	austrian general mack surrendurs his army to the grand armee of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .	during the napoleonic wars , the austrian army had 10,000 casualties and lost 30,000 prisoners to the grand army of napoleon at ulm after general mack surrendered his army .	napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .	napoleonic wars ; austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , napoleon gets over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 deaths on the losers .	napoleonic wars : austrian general mack gave up his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 deaths to the losers .	napoleonic wars : austrian general mack gave up his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , giving napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 deaths to the losers .	napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers .	during the napoleonic wars , by the time general mack had surrendered his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , 10,000 of his soldiers were dead , while another 30,000 were taken as prisoners to napoleon .	napoleonic wars : austrian general mack gives up his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , gathering napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing the 10,000 losers , seriously injured or killed .
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .	it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the sale of groundnuts .	it has been the economic centre of nigeria and a centre for production and export of groundnuts .	its the economic centre of northern nigeria which also a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .	it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .	the economic centre of northern nigeria is the area for the production and export of groundnuts .	the economic centre of northern nigeria is the area for the production and export of groundnuts .	it has been the economic centre of northern nigeria for a long time ; it produces groundnuts and ships them to other countries .	it has long been the economic centre of norther nigeria along with the center for production and export of groundnuts .	it has long been the of money and goods middle of the north nigeria , and a middle for the producing and sent to another country of groundnuts .
a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .	many of the south indians are dravidians and they speak one of four dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil or telugu .	most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .	most of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .	a majority of south indians speak one of the five languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu	a majority of south indians speak one of five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .	a majority of south indians speak one of five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu , and tulu .	a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages — kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .	a large number of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages . they are kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .	a majority of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .	meteora got the band a lot of awards and honors .	meteora earned the band several awards .	meteora gained the band multiple awards and honors .	meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .	meteora won the band many awards and honors .	meteora won the band many awards and honors .	in band , meteora earned multiple awards and honors .	meteora earned the band multiple awards and accolades .	meteora earned the band number times another awards and honors
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .	most of the songs are by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .	most of the songs were composed by richard m.	richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .	richard m. and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .	richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .	richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman wrote most of the songs .	most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .	most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .	most of the songs were written both richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .	the slavs started to move here in the 5th century .	in the 5th century the slavs began moving in .	in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .	slavs moved into the area in the 5th century .	slovs came to the area in the fifth century .	slovs came to the area in the fifth century .	in the 5th century slaves started to move in the area .	in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .	in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .	winchester is a city of illinois in the united states .	winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .	winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .	winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .	winchester is a city in scott county , il , us	winchester is a city in scott county , il , us	winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states .	winchester is a city located in scott county , illinois , united states	winchester is a city in scott county , illinois , united states
name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .	arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an urartian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which the name arsene , arsissa , known by the ancients to part of lake van .	name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .	the name arzashkun may be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in ka that comes from the proper name arzash , similar to the names arsene and arsissa , which the ancients used as part of lake van .	name arzashkun is like the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a name arzash , which comes from arsene , arsissa , from the ancients to part of lake van .	the name arzashkun appears to have been taken from an armenian name specific to the assyrian form where the name ends in -ka and created from the name arzash as reflected in names such as arsene and arsissa that have been designated by olden-day people to a portion of lake van .	the name arzashkun appears to have been taken from an armenian name specific to the assyrian form where the name ends in -ka and created from the name arzash as reflected in names such as arsene and arsissa that have been designated by olden-day people to a portion of lake van .	name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .	name arzashkun seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the ancients to part of lake van .	the name arzashkun may be formed from the proper name arzash . it seems to be the assyrian form of an american name ending in -ka . this name reminds the name arsene , arsissa to part of lake van used to apply by the ancients .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .	out of 16,421 girls in the casting , she was chosen among 14 other girls to be on the tv show .	out of 16,421 people who tried out nation-wide , she was one of 15 finalists to be on the tv show .	she and 15 others were selected to appear on the tv show from among 16,421 contestants .	of the 16,421 people in the national tryout , she was among the 15 people picked to be on the tv show .	out of 16,421 members in the national casting , she was chosen from the 15 candidates to come on the tv show .	out of 16,421 members in the national casting , she was chosen from the 15 candidates to come on the tv show .	she was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show out of 16,421 participants in the national casting	out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .	out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , and it was selected the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from its debut on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .	its episodes were shown on the abc network from its beginning on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .	episodes were broadcast on abc from its debut on september 21 , 1993 until march 1 , 2005 .	its episodes were broadcast on the abc network from september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .	all the episodes were broadcasted by abc network from its debut on september 21,1993 to march1,2005	its chapters were broadcast on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .	its chapters were broadcast on the abc network from its start on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .	every episode was broadcast on the abc network , from the first one on september 21 , 1993 , until march 1 , 2005 .	its events were send far and wide on the abc network from its first time doing on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005	ts events were send far and wide on the abc network 1 from its first time doing on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .	brighton is a city of iowa in the united states .	brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .	brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .	brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .	brighton is a city in washington county iowa .	brighton is a city in washington county iowa .	brighton is a city in washington county , iowa , united states .	brighton is a city located in washington county , in the state of iowa in united states .	the city of brighton is in the united states , in iowa 's county of washington .
furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	also , she was in a few music videos , for example " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	she also appeared in several music videos including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	she also appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	she also appeared in several music videos including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	also she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	also she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	also , she was viewed in nultiple music videos , containing " it girl " by john oates also " just lose it " from eminem .	furthermore , she appeared in several music videos , like " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .	furthermore , she appeared in various music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by emine .
on june 24 1979 -lrb- the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb- , glinde received its town charter .	on june 24 , 1979 , -lrb- on the 750th anniversary of the village -rrb- , glinde became a town .	glinde received its town charter on its 750th anniversay , june 24 , 1979 .	on june 24 1979 glinde received its town charter .	glinde received its town charter on june 24 , 1979 , which happened to be it 's 750th anniversary .	glinde received its town charter on june 24 , 1979 , which was the 750th anniversary of the village .	glinde received its town charter on june 24 , 1979 , which was the 750th anniversary of the village .	glinde was given its town charter on it 's 750th anniversary which was on june 24 , 1979 .	when the 750th anniversary of the village occurred on june 24 , 1979 , glinde got its town charter .	glinde received her town charter on june 24 1979
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .	pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now said to be " mario 's friend " .	pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong and mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis .	pauline turned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , even though the character is now " mario 's friend " .	pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .	pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .	pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .	pauline reappeared in the game boy remake of donkey kong in1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now called as " mario 's friend " .	pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 , although the character is now described as " mario 's friend " .	although her character is now known as " mario 's friend " , pauline came back in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , later in mario vs , donkey kong 2 , and again in march of the minis in 2006 .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .	his real date of birth was never written down , but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .	his real birthday is unknown , but is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .	since his actual date of birth was not recorded , it is believed to be between 1935-1939 .	his date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939 .	his actual birth date is unknown , but he was believed to be born between 1935 and 1939 .	his actual birth date is unknown , but he was believed to be born between 1935 and 1939 .	his real birthday was unknown but it is believed to be between 1935 and 1939	his real date of birth not recorded , but it is considered true to be a date between 1935 and 1939	no one knows when he was born because no one wrote it down , but his birth date is thought to be between 1935 and 1939 .
this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	it indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	this quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a biological process by half .	this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. , an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	this computable measure shows how much of a specific drug or other material -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to stop given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	this computable measure shows how much of a specific drug or other material -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to stop given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	this quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	this quantitative measure reveals how much of a particular drug of other substance like inhibitors , is needed to hold back a given biological process or component of a process -lrb- enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -rrb- by half .	a particular drug or other substance is inhibitor . this quantitative measure indicates how much is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or component of a process -rrb- by half .
although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	although the name notes that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , some of the bernese alps are found in the cantons of vaud , fribourg , valais , lucerne , uri , and nidwalden .	although the name suggests that they are found in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	although the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	despite the name suggests that they are placed in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	despite the name suggests that they are placed in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	bernese alps regions are mainly located in the bernese oberland region of the administrative region or canton of bern . but portions of the bernese alps are found in the adjacent cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	although the name suggests that they are located in the bernese oberland region of the district of bern , some of the bernese alps are in the nearby districts of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .	eventhough the name evokes that they are placed in the bernese oberland area of the district of bern , parts of the bernese alps are in the adjoining parts of the bernese alps are lying near the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .	there he had one daughter , later named mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .	he had one daughter baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .	he had one daughter , mary ann fisher power .	he had one daughter , who was baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .	he had one daughter with anne power named mary ann fisher power .	he had one daughter with anne power named mary ann fisher power .	there he had one daughter , later baptized as mary ann fisher power , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .	he had one daughter named mary ann fisher power who was later baptized to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .	he had a daughter there . her name was ann -lrb- e -rrb- power . later she was baptized and named as mary ann fisher power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his trusted artists , making the fact interesting that not many people knew or know about this fine artist well .	during an interview edward gorey mention that bawden is one of his favorite artists .	edward gorey during an interview mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists because of his fine artist .	during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , remembering the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and is saddened by the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	in an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and was sad that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .	during an interview , edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , lamenting the truth that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .	gable also won an academy award for playing fletcher christian in the 1935 film version of mutiny on the bounty .	in 1935 , gable was nominated for an academy award for his portrayl of fletcher christian in mutiny on the bounty .	gable earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .	gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .	gable got nominated for an academy for his role as flether in mutiny on the bounty	gable got nominated for an academy for his role as flether in mutiny on the bounty	gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .	gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played the part of fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .	gable also earned an academy award nomination for his portrayal of fletcher christian in the 1935 film mutiny on the bounty .